I love you
You hold the key to my heart.
My love for you is unconditional and eternal.
I adore you.
You are the best thing that ever happened to me.
You are my perfect match.
You are the one I've always wished for.
You make my heart skip a beat.
Last night I looked up into the stars and matched each one with a reason why I love you. I was doing great until I ran out of stars.
I'll love you till death, and then some.
I am in love with you
love at first sight
a fool for you
absolutely crazy about you
always here for you
crazy for you
caught in your web
hopelessly in love
lost in love with you
so blessed to have you
so lonely without you
the luckiest guy alive
thinking of you always
You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how.
He grabbed her hand and held it tightly, and she thought, "he loves me!"
My affections and wishes are unchanged, but one word from you will silence me on this subject for ever.
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
You and I, it's as though we have been taught to kiss in heaven and sent down to earth together, to see if we know what we were taught.
Perhaps, after all, romance did not come into one's life with pomp and blare, like a gay knight riding down; perhaps it crept to one's side like an old friend through quiet ways; perhaps it revealed itself in seeming prose, until some sudden shaft of illumination flung athwart its pages betrayed the rhythm and the music, perhaps. . . perhaps. . .love unfolded naturally out of a beautiful friendship, as a golden-hearted rose slipping from its green sheath.
If it weren't for her, there would never have been an empty space, or the need to fill it.
He doesn't want you to be real, and to think and to live. He doesn't love you. But I love you. I want you to have your own thoughts and ideas and feelings, even when I hold you in my arms.
The more you love someone, he came to think, the harder it is to tell them. It surprised him that strangers didn't stop each other on the street to say I love you.
I took a photo of us mid-embrace. When I am old and alone, I will remember that I once held something truly beautiful.
I'm watching her talk. Watching her jaw move and collecting her words one by one as they spill from her lips. I don't deserve them. Her warm memories. I'd like to paint them over the bare plaster walls of my soul, but everything I paint seems to peel.
When you love something it loves you back in whatever way it has to love.
If I were to live a thousand years, I would belong to you for all of them. If we were to live a thousand lives, I would want to make you mine in each one.
Do I love you? My god, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches.
A love story is not about those who lose their heart but about those who find that sullen inhabitant who, when it is stumbled upon, means the body can fool no one, can fool nothing— not the wisdom of sleep or the habit of social graces. It is a consuming of oneself and the past.
Every lover is, in his heart, a madman, and, in his head, a minstrel.
Love is my religion - I could die for that. I could die for you. My love is selfish. I cannot breathe without you.
And when one of them meets with his other half, the actual half of himself, whether he be a lover of youth or a lover of another sort, the pair are lost in an amazement of love and friendship and intimacy.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
Your name is a golden bell hung in my heart. I would break my body to pieces to call you once by your name.
I have for the first time found what I can truly love–I have found you. You are my sympathy–my better self–my good angel–I am bound to you with a strong attachment. I think you good, gifted, lovely: a fervent, a solemn passion is conceived in my heart; it leans to you, draws you to my centre and spring of life, wrap my existence about you–and, kindling in pure, powerful flame, fuses you and me in one.
Is love this misguided need to have you beside me most of the time? Is love this safety I feel in our silences? Is it this belonging, this completeness?
You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful.
I do love nothing in the world so well as you - is not that strange?
You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how.
We would be together and have our books and at night be warm in bed together with the windows opens and the stars bright.
What greater thing is there for two human souls, than to feel that they are joined for life–to strengthen each other in all labour, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each other in all pain, to be one with each other in silent unspeakable memories at the moment of the last parting?
You can find something truly important in an ordinary minute.
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
To love or have loved, that is enough. Ask nothing further. There is no other pearl to be found in the dark folds of life.
I am nothing special; just a common man with common thoughts, and I’ve led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten. But in one respect I have succeeded as gloriously as anyone who’s ever lived: I’ve loved another with all my heart and soul; and to me, this has always been enough.
You and I, it’s as though we have been taught to kiss in heaven and sent down to earth together, to see if we know what we were taught.
You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Each time you happen to me all over again.
And when one of them meets with his other half, the actual half of himself, whether he be a lover of youth or a lover of another sort, the pair are lost in an amazement of love and friendship and intimacy.
Soul meets soul on lovers’ lips.
He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God. So he waited, listening for a moment longer to the tuning-fork that had been struck upon a star. Then he kissed her. At his lips’ touch she blossomed for him like a flower and the incarnation was complete.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
Grow old along with me! The best is yet to be.
You are my heart, my life, my one and only thought.
He was my North, my South, my East and West, my working week and my Sunday rest.
The winds were warm about us, the whole earth seemed the wealthier for our love.
Doubt thou the stars are fire; Doubt that the sun doth move; Doubt truth to be a liar; But never doubt I love.
Love seeketh not itself to please, Nor for itself hath any care; But for another gives its ease, And builds a Heaven in Hell’s despair.
I’ve never had a moment’s doubt. I love you. I believe in you completely. You are my dearest one. My reason for life.
Who, being loved, is poor?
I do love nothing in the world so well as you – is not that strange?
If I were to live a thousand years, I would belong to you for all of them. If we were to live a thousand lives, I would want to make you mine in each one.
Do I love you? My god, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
Why, darling, I don’t live at all when I’m not with you.
I like myself better when I’m with you.
The way her body existed only where he touched her. The rest of her was smoke.
When you love something, it loves you back in whatever way it has to love.
Each time you happen to me all over again.
I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That’s the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty…you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.
I have a million things to talk to you about. All I want in this world is you. I want to see you and talk. I want the two of us to begin everything from the beginning.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love, and be loved in return.
I will return. I will find you. Love you. Marry you. And live without shame.
Swoon. I'll catch you.
No, I like you very much. Just as you are.
I have crossed oceans of time to find you.
You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die.
You want the moon? Just say the word, and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down.
I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone.
Can't you see? Every step I have taken, since I was that little girl on the bridge, was to bring me closer to you.
I wanted it to be you, I wanted it to be you so badly.
I wish I knew how to quit you.
I could die right now. I'm just... happy. I've never felt that before. I'm just exactly where I want to be.
Love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without. If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with?
Death cannot stop true love. All it can do is delay it for a while.
I love you. You complete me.
I would rather have had one breath of her hair, one kiss of her mouth, one touch of her hand, than eternity without it. One.
After all... I'm just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her.
And maybe it'll be enough if you know that in the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime's worth.
I think I'd miss you even if we'd never met.
I love you without knowing how, why, or even from where.
I want all of you, forever, you and me, every day.
It doesn’t matter if the guy is perfect or the girl is perfect, as long as they are perfect for each other.
I vow to fiercely love you in all your forms, now and forever. I promise to never forget that this is a once in a lifetime love.
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how
It's like in that moment the whole universe existed just to bring us together.
You have bewitched me, body and soul, and I love… I love… I love you.
You make me want to be a better man.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love, and be loved in return.
I will return. I will find you. Love you. Marry you. And live without shame.
But the heart's not like a box that gets filled up. It expands in size the more you love.
I love you very much, probably more than anybody could love another person.
"I love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out. I love that it takes you an hour and a half to order a sandwich. I love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you're looking at me like I'm nuts. I love that after I spend the day with you, I can still smell your perfume on my clothes. And I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night. And it's not because I'm lonely, and it's not because it's New Year's Eve. I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
I love you. I knew it the minute I met you. I'm sorry it took so long for me to catch up. I just got stuck.
In my opinion, the best thing you can do is find someone who loves you for exactly what you are.
But the you who you are tonight is the same you I was in love with yesterday, the you I'll be in love with tomorrow.
I wanted it to be you, I wanted it to be you so badly.
I've fallen in love. I'm an ordinary woman. I didn't think such violent things could happen to ordinary people.
