But we're a bit short staffed here, so if I give you a cigarette would you mind kicking yourself in the teeth?
Show me where the filthy human is so that I may feed him his organs.
The fury of a demon instantly possessed me. I knew myself no longer. My original soul seemed, at once, to take its flight from my body; and a more than fiendish malevolence, gin-nurtured, thrilled every fibre of my frame.
Repeat one word of what I just said and I'll cheerfully beat you to death.
Honey, no offense, but sometimes I think I could shoot you and watch you kick.
I wanted to punch him and understand him at the same time.
In a world gushing blood day and night, you never stop mopping up pain.
The violence between us is unbelievable...we try to make each other crawl so that our knees are bleeding.
If everyone who had a gun just shot themselves, there wouldn't be a problem.
People don't look like people anymore after they've fallen from over a hundred floors above the ground.
He would have been half-hanged, taken down alive, his stomach slit open, and his intestines taken out and burnt, and his carcase chopped into four quarters.
He curled up, twitching and spasming, the pain stormtrooping through his entire body in agonizing, dizzying, pounding waves. He vomited, but it wasn’t the contents of his stomach. It was his stomach, hanging inside-out from a slimy loop of esophagus, spilling out the precious blood he’d been digesting. 
Even with everything going on, the smell of blood activated his biting reflex, and he chomped down on his own regurgitated organs, screaming as he chewed.
I was covered in gore, dripping in slime, and in a very bad mood.
Finally, he can see me for who I really am. Violent. Distrustful. Manipulative. Deadly. And I hate him for it.
A shot rang out from the rifle of an alerted man, and just as the sound reached his ears, he felt the hot streak of a bullet pierce his left arm, spattering blood on the ground before him.
Freddie looked shocked. Then his knees bent and he went down like a bull hit between the eyes with a hammer, Tom kicked the door shut.
Luca reacted instantly, his body slipping off the bar stool and trying to twist away. But Sollozzo had grabbed his other hand at the wrist. Still, Luca was too strong for both of them and would have broken free except that a man stepped out of the shadows behind him and threw a silken cord around his neck. The cord pulled tight, choking off Luca’s breath. His face became purple, the strength in his arms drained away.
Eric turned round and swung the axe at me. I ducked and rolled. I landed and jumped up, ready to spring away, but he was back smashing the axe into the door again, screaming with each massive blow as though he was the door.
Eric glanced back at me again then smashed the axe into the door.
Janos himself slashed open Varly’s throat after brandishing a dagger.
Clegane’s first cut took off Cayn’s sword hand at the wrist; his second drove him to his knees and opened him from shoulder to breastbone.
Jason grabbed him by the neck, clawing at his throat, yanking him up off the seat. Then he raised his bloody left hand and thrust it forward.
Jason lunged across his chest, pushing him down against the door, elbowing the his throat with his left arm.
His eye, burst open, hangs out of its socket and runs down his face and he keeps blinking which causes what’s left of it inside the wound to pour out like red, veiny egg yolk.
He drew his double edged sword and raised it skyward as his greeting.
He smiled, and raised his spear to the sky.
His blade glanced off the target.
Orandes dropped his trident and grabbed Jason's throat.
Lumus plunged his sword to the bare stomach of his adversary.
A sudden gush of pain jolted throughout Thorberg’s body. His stomach ached, his arms lost tension and his legs began to weaken.
His tongue was soaked in the taste of blood.
Bruised and winded, with a leg in agony, he grabbed her foot and pulled her to the ground.
His head was pounding.
Their swords gleamed in the cool moon light.
Erik knew that only one would walk away from this.
His sword was stained with blood.
Erik shuffled to the side and awaited in attack, and, possibly, inevitable death.
Erik charged with a mighty cry.
Erik dodged to the side in one fluid move.
His menacing eyes were a blazing red and his dark hood made the rest of his features indistinguishable.
Jason thrust his sword forward, only to be met by Erik's sword.
Two swords met in the air with a resounding 'clang'.
His wound began bleeding openly.
'If I am to die, I shall fight to the last breath.'
With renewed vigor, he slashed his blade back and forth.
Maria struggled against him, shooting her right leg out but her movements were far too slow.
Hands moving from her waist, he seized her arms, trapping them to her side.
Screams broke out. They rushed forward.
Swords clashed. Guns fired. More shouting. More screaming. More running. The attack was fierce, efficient and deadly.
She pulled out hair in handfuls, scratched, bit, kicked and head-butted.
Then suddenly movement, so much force in every blow.
Each didn't just want the other dead, they wanted him smashed, obliterated, nothing left to bury.
There is blood on his knuckles and a bruise above his right eye, yet he can't recall the fight itself.
He didn't know who threw the first punch, but suddenly his fist was slamming into her face while she sunk into my stomach. Blood pooled in her mouth as he gagged.
He dodged her fist and came up with his own; for a brief instant, her cerulean blue eyes widened before she managed to tilt her head back and slam it into his. Stars burst in his vision but he shook it off, blinding throwing a sloppy kick.
He wasn’t thinking when he let out his boiling antipathy and swung his tight fist, too quick and potent, into her defined jaw; the impact like thousands of venomous blades piercing apart his clammed fist. It lead him to one conclusion: that it hurt.
He threw his body weight behind the fist that edged closer to her face, it hit her jaw with such force blood pooled into her mouth. Pain erupted from the point of impact.
With her own two hands, she grasped his head in her hands and brought her knee cap up to his nose, there was a blunt crack and she released his head.
Crimson leaked from both his nostrils and his nose was twisted right.
He drew his fist back again and it ploughed into her stomach, it was like hitting a train head on. Her guts smashed together, blood vessels bursting.
His chest gently rose and sank with each shallow breath he drew in as he bled.
He wasn’t thinking when he let out his boiling antipathy and swung his tight fist, too quick and potent, into Luca’s defined jaw; the impact like thousands of venomous blades piercing apart his clammed fist. 
She was trying not to stare at his nose but she kept finding her eyes had diverted to it. One moment they were obediently on his red-rimmed eyes and the next they were rested on the bloody mess that had been a perfectly ordinary nose only hours before.; so ordinary in fact that she could not recall what it had looked like.
Gina walked up the bloody mess on the floor that had been her adversary.
He was grotesque. Already his eyes were swollen over and bloody spit drooled from his slack jaws. He was now as revolting as he should be, finally the outside reflects the man within.
Even if he makes it, these scars will be forever.
His face still bears congealed blood and his clothes are an utter mess. 
His left eye is swollen, he can't be seeing a thing out of that and he won't for a while yet.
He's a bloody mess, nose smashed and eyes almost shut with swelling. His arms are wrapped round his guts like he's holding them in and to be honest he's beat so bad he could be.
Ronald could never recall how long the beating had gone on for, only the final kick and the sound of the iron bar falling to the concrete. His face wasn't too bad, just a cut above his eyebrow, the scarlet blood flowing into his eyes.
It was his body that was damaged almost beyond the point at which recovery was possible.
She spit in his face.
Grabbing her, he threw her to the floor. Drawing back his foot, he slammed it into her stomach.
Rage boiled in her like a gnashing monster.
Without taking his eyes from her, he backhanded her so hard that blackness curled in from the outside of her vision.
A kick to her already bruised ribs stole her breath. Another made her whole body clench in protest. Another and a scream of pain tore from her throat. Her whole existence revolved around waiting for the next kick and the next explosion of pain.
In his eyes, murder gleamed bright as a newly polished axe.
She realized her hand was wet and looked down. Bright blood pooled beneath her.
Pike had the gun before the man slammed into the floor, and hit him on the forehead with it two hard times.
He smashed an elbow into the side of Marley’s skull, the soft spot high on the temple.
She pulled his head forward and broke his nose with her head.
She slapped his right palm down on his face, shattering his nose.
He yanked back with his right forearm, snapping her neck like a tree branch.
She slapped him with her open left hand full across the face. It rocked him and he took a step back and then steadied himself, blinking his eyes and staring at me. His headache must have been a starburst.
He absorbed the trauma, swallowing the pain, then kicked his way slowly back to the surface.
Pain was just an illusory sensation that his mind could shut down if it needed to, he told himself. Put it aside.
He banged together the heads of his two helpers. It sounded like a bat hitting a baseball.
Bullets tore through the door, sending splinters flying.
Windows shattered, spewing glass shards everywhere.
Bullets gouged the walls
A spray of bullets tore through the line of front windows, striking a side wall, shattering a beautiful gilded mirror.
Ignoring the pain in his thigh, the blood seeped from the cut in his left arm and he tried to move as quickly and quietly as possible.
He was badly bruised, lacerations, and at least one of his teeth had recently been knocked out.
He swung left, then right, dodged a lunging blow from behind, rolled to the right, raised his sword to parry another attack.
He lunged, swinging and missing. Then he was burying punches, over and over again.
He attacked with a big right overhand punch.
She staggered back when he slammed his fist into her shoulder.
He swung a roundhouse punch.
She bent backward and felt his knuckles swish past her nose.
He turned at the sound of running feet. A body ran into him as he stood there. He hit the table with a thundering crash. Splinters stabbed into his bare arms.
He wiped the blood clinging to his sword on the last unstained grass.
She flew toward him, arms outstretched, ready to claw out his throat.
The wind had been knocked clean out of him; as he lay gasping on the floor, it felt like he would never breathe again.
Distantly, he heard the frantic screams of his friends, but these were obscured by the blood pounding in his ears.
His fist slammed into her jaw and she tasted a surge of coppery blood.
His eyes bulged wide, full of horror and pain.
He staggered away, fighting to get his air back. For a moment, he looked like he would puke, but he managed to straighten up. Pure rage crossed his face.
One fast straight punch to his unprotected jaw and his head whipped back, his body arched backward, all of his momentum snapping back on him like a broken rubber band. He lifted right up off his toes, clearing the ground. For one long moment his body hung in the air. Then he landed with a thud.
He screamed and dropped to his knees—not incapacitated, but going for his boot knife.
Fury colored her vision red.
