Hi!
This fanfic is basically about: what if Maximum Ride was kidnapped by Artemis Fowl instead of Holly?
Please tell me if I am going out of character with anyone!
It's accidental.
Chapter One Life's hard when you're a child genius.
Or a human animal hybrid.
Artemis "Butler.
I have had a breakthrough.
Get here, right now with Juliet." I spoke into the walkie talkie.
Resuming my typing, I printed off the last page off and reread it quickly.
My heart was beating faster in anticipation.
Unusual.
Butler arrived, and I began.
"Since I have moved on from childish fairies, I have discovered a great amount of information on animal-human hybrids.
I plan to capture one and investigate it, and perhaps extract a ransom from its laboratory for it.
I have set my sights on one hybrid in particular…." I motioned to an enlarged photograph of a tall girl with blonde streaked hair, brown eyes and wings.
"It's name is Maximum Ride." Max I flew, with the wind in my hair with my flock through the clouds, so happy that we were all together.
And alive.
Which trust me, is an epically awesome bonus for us.
You see, (even though Iggy doesn't), we are children taken when we were children to the School, and evil facility, or should I say mad scientist lab, where we were experimented on by the sickest, evilest scientists anyone can imagine.
So sick and evil that we only ended up 98% human.
The flock and I are 2% bird, so we have wings and can fly.
We found out some information about Fang's parents since we defeated my clone, (long story), and escaped Itex's evil clutches.
Turns out Fang is IRISH, who would off guessed with his black hair and pale skin.
So there we were, flying together all over Ireland.
As the flock were flying over Tara, I spotted something going on down on the ground.
A huge, huge, gorilla of a man was standing over a fallen pale boy.
Oh, no.
I can't stand not helping an underdog.
"Guys, I'll be back in a minute.
Just saw something.
If I'm not back in 3 hours, land at that island we passed a while back and wait for me.
Fang, you're in charge." I swooped down and landed a few metre away from the pair, careful to hide my wings.
Butler Guard the principal.
That girl could be special, she was a hybrid.
Artemis's plans always worked, but this one was… different.
Kidnapping an actual human being?
Kidnapping a fairy would have been difficult.
Not psychically, but mentally.
I am a man of great honour, I've been told, and kidnapping innocents is difficult.
But now the plan is set.
According to Artemis, this 'Maximum' is very empathetic and will help any underdog.
So I am to 'terrify' him when he tracks the girl flying over.
Such a brilliant plan (or not.). Hey I was just thinking about what if Itex is in the world of Artemis Fowl.
Also the flock isn't going to be apart of it (well maybe later).
Enjoy!
.:o0o:.
I ran faster, as fast as I could.
Damn trees!
I can't fly away because of them.
Looking back I see the Easers are catching up, shit, damn these Irish woods.
Almost there, I can see an opening; I am about unfurl my wings, and find that I can run just a little faster.
Bang!
I can't hear a thing; all I feel is the pain in my side.
As my vision I see a huge man leaning over me.
And I was so close to surviving too.
.:o0o:.
Owwww, that hurt even more than that time the lab coats injected that yellow paste in me.
"Butler why is there a wounded girl on the table?" a boy's voice sliced through my headache.
"I though the wolves were back," A deep grumbling voice said matter of fact tone, "and she was running so fast towards me I thought she was an enemy.
I've never seen someone run so fast." "Well get some scissors, we don't want her to bleed out.
Thank god mother and father are on vacation with the twins." I groaned, damn I can't let them see my wings.
"I'll be fine." I try to sit up.
But that just causes the room to spin.
A thin vampire looking kid stood over me behind him was a man the size of a bear.
The teen smile told he fancied himself an evil mastermind, great just what I need.
"Now, now you suffered a gunshot wound, and though Butler" dear lord he calls his manservant Butler, "did a good field patch, but you're going to need stitches." I look down the bandage that was a deep red color, "Thanks but no thanks.
I got to go." I can't let them know I'm a bird kid, this manic will put me on the news.
I feel a needle in my neck, that bastard!
He must be related to one of the white coats.
"Not just yet, I have a few questions for you." .:o0o:.
The main character's name is Phoenix and this is set after The Opal Deception but Artemis is 15 (the story line after that doesn't fit what I want to do, but I want Artemis to be older).
Why am I writing at four o'clock in the morning?
.:o0o:.
"Owww" I felt my chin was resting on my chest, but I'm too lazy to pick it up right now.
I wonder what I did this time to deserve being tied to a chair.
Man does my side hurt or what?
It feels like I got shot… My eyes snapped open, I did get shot and that stupid vampire kid knocked me out!
"Look who is awake now?" Vamp-kid had his hands folded under his chin.
I smirked, "Look who is a cliché now?" I rolled my eyes, "I mean really hasn't anyone told you evil-mastermind went out like two years ago?" Vamp-kid frowned a bit, "Mastermind yes, evil," I guess his smirk was supposed to be terrifying, but in reality looked overly practiced, "Maybe." I crack up laughing, "What do you stand in front of the mirror practicing that while mummy and daddy are asleep?" His ears turned a little red, but he kept his composer, "No. But I suspect that you would rather be kept out of the news, considering you condition."  I formed a big sarcastic oh, before pretending stupid, "I was wondering where the news crews where, I mean I am a famous person.
Haven't you seen me on TV?
The paparazzi love me." "Cute," he frowned again, does this kid only have smirk and frown in his facial vocabulary?
"But I was talking about your lovely wings." Shit, he knows.
But I still kept my tone light, "Oh you mean those old things, I got them last June at a garage sale." Vamp-kid hummed, "I don't think you did.
Actually I think the people who gave you those wings are long for you.
And unless you want to go back I think you should answer a few of my questions." I glared at him, blackmailing is so not cool, "What are you going to ask, my name?" I said it in my most sarcastic voice I could muster.
"For starters," the Vamp-kid smirked clearly proud of himself, "I'll even tell you my name for starters, it is Artemis Fowl." I bit my lip, but then deicide, for once in my life to be cooperative, "Phoenix." "It's nice to meet you Phoenix." Artemis said in a manner that said 'this is just a formality'.
God I hate him already.
.:o0o:.
It's short but what can you expect at four thirty in the morning.. IT IS A MULTI-PERSON JOB!
Disclaimer: I do not own Artemis Fowl or Maximum Ride… Chapter 1: Prologue 3rd Person POV "Arty?
Arty!" Angeleine Fowl called down the stairs.
She wanted her son so she could tell him she was felling better.
Like a ghost, Artemis Fowl appeared at her door.
"Yes, Arty, I am feeling better, and I would like to go out to a spa.
Would you please get Juliet to get the car ready?" This time it was Artemis who groaned.
His mother was always going out to spas, and she liked ordering him around too.
Reluctantly, he turned and glided out of the room.
Finding Juliet Butler in the kitchen, he then returned to his study.
Finally, he thought, time to think.
Artemis grimaced at this thought.
Before he could remind himself of what the Atlantis Complex was, and he loved to remind himself, there was a whistle, a whistle that could only belong to a gun.
Artemis Fowl slumped over, asleep on his desk.
Butler heard a whistle in his principal's study.
He knew that whistle.
He barged in the room only to find a man in a dark suit jump out the window with an Artemis-sized bag in his grip.
Butler pulled out his Sig Sauer and began shooting the ground in front of the man; he dared not shoot at him, as he could hurt Artemis.
The man moved onwards, and threw Artemis in the trunk.
He turned and glanced one more time at Butler, and the bodyguard caught a glimpse of someone who was feared in his world.
"Ari Batchelder…" Butler whispered.
Butler watched as the van drove away, and cursed, unable to chase after.
If he got out of Fowl Manor, he would still be too late to save his principal.
Butler cursed again, and went to go find a search party.SECOND CHAPTER, EVERYBODY!
ARTEMIS IS AT THE SCHOOL!
BUTLER TRIES TO FIND HIM!
Please, if anyone can edit this story and show it to me, I'd appreciate that.
Stories are usually a multi-person project.
DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN ARTEMIS FOWL OR MAXIMUM RIDE!
(but I want to…) Artemis pounded weakly on the iron bars of his cage.
"Please…" he whispered, his voice hoarse from weeks of yelling, "let me go!" Artemis could not manage anything louder than a whisper, so his pleading was to no avail.
His body trembling, Artemis curled up in the center of the dog carrier, his dark wings brushing against his back.
All one could hear from that cage was a small whimper.
{I AM A LINE BREAK BECAUSE SNOW CAN'T GET A PROPER ONE TO WORK} Butler stood in front of a monotone gray-brick government building, which was the last place on his list that Artemis could have disappeared to.
It had been a month now, since Artemis had disappeared from Fowl Manor.
Butler sighed, coming out of his memories.
Butler raised his hand to knock on the strange iron door.
A whistle sounded, so like the whistle on the day his principal had vanished, and a tranquilizer dart stuck in Butler's neck.
"Come to find your little boy?
You'll see him soon enough." {I AM ANOTHER LINE BREAK} Butler woke slowly.
He tried to stand, but was blocked by something and couldn't get higher than his hands and knees.
He felt around in the dark, and found iron bars.
He was in a cage.
A small light flickered on above him, and Butler looked around.
There was a smaller cage next to him, and it too contained a person.
The boy inside the cage looked so much like Artemis, with his suit and raven-black hair.
Butler could not see the boy's face, as he was turned with his back to him, but Butler didn't need to.
Artemis didn't have wings.
Indeed, the boy had long black wings jutting out of his back.
Butler did not want to wake the boy; judging from the rise and fall of his chest, he was sleeping; but Butler needed to know where he was.
He reached over and prodded the boy's wing.
Suddenly the boy's breathing quickened, and he pushed himself up onto his knees.
Then he turned to Butler.
"Butler?" came a hoarse voice.
"Is that you, old friend?" End of chapter, everyone!
Dear God, why hasn't anybody reviewed?
I would like some reviews please!
Artemis: You are obsessed with reviews.
Me: NO I'M NOT!
Artemis: Yes, you are.
Me: SHUT THE HECK UP ARTEMIS!
Artemis: Why should I?
Me: You'll see… :PAuthor's Note: SORRY THIS ISN'T A CHAPTER!
But I have to place a new rule in this fanfiction: A certain amount of reviews has to be reached before the next chapter is posted.
No matter what Artemis says- Artemis: You anticipated me.
Me: Yes I did.
Anyway, no matter what he says, I am not obsessed with reviews, I just want feedback.
I don't care if it's just you saying that I need to rewrite the whole thing, or if you have an idea you want to tell me, I JUST WANT SOME FEEDBACK!
Artemis: Surprisingly, I feel pity for you.
Me: Well, it's about time.
Tony Stark: When am I gonna get to talk?
Me: Tony, get back to your own fanfiction.
Tony: Fiiiiiiine.
Me: Oh, and by the way, I'm starting a new fanfiction soon.
It's called Shining Guardians.
That's where Tony comes in.
Artemis: You're going to quit on me, aren't you?
Me: For a little while… Anyways, PLEASE REVIEW MORE!
ONE REVIEW MADE BY MY LITTLE SISTER ISN'T SATISFYING!
See ya later!
And hopefully I'll have more reviews then!I IS BAAAAAACK!
Anyways, thanks to Yarnkit, I am back and posting one more chapter before I start getting my new fanfiction ready to post.
Artemis: Yes, thanks to Yarnkit.
I am completely unimportant now.
Me: Shut up, Artemis.
Artemis: I wanted to know, what was that threat in Chapter 2?
Me: Oh, yeah… It was going to be a couple of things… Artemis: What?
Me: Well, I could completely humiliate you… Oooh!
I could tell Holly about your secret love of Lollipops!
Artemis: No!
Artemis: Fine… MewSnowfire does not own Artemis Fowl or Maximum Ride, nor any of the characters involved.
Holly's POV Holly Short was moping around LEP Headquarters.
She was literally incapable of doing almost anything else, now that Artemis was gone.
His disappearance had shaken her badly, and she was little more than a zombie.
She stumbled towards Foaly's lab, wanting some time with the centaur.
Pushing open the darkened glass door, she mumbled a hello before looking up at the monitor.
Foaly was watching a surveillance video, with characters Holly could not make out.
A dim light cast a small shadow on two cages.
The thought jerked Holly out of her sorrow for a second.
Two shapes huddled close to one another, their backs touching through the wire cages.
Holly looked at the date on the video.
The centaur jumped and turned to the captain.
"Holly?
Seriously?" Holly snorted, and replied.
"Yes, seriously, but what are you doing?" The centaur sighed, and cast a glance at the monitor.
"How long were you watching?" Then he shook his head, and sighed again.
"If you were watching at all, I suppose it's time to tell you." He took a deep breath.
"Holly… I've been watching Artemis." Ooooooh, bit of a cliffie there!
Yeah, sorry, but I couldn't write anymore, and that was a good place to end (sort of).
I won't be posting anymore of this story until I get the first chapter of The Shining Guardians up, sorry 'bout that.
As always, Time is a big ball of wibbly wobbly timey wimey stuff, and I appreciate reviews!
Please Review!
Special thanks to Yarnkit for being the first person to review besides my sister who got on my account while I was asleep at the keyboard.
See you later!
A WILD SNEAK PEEK APPEARS!
Firestar padded out of his den, looking around at his camp.
Leafpool was in her den, treating Brambleclaw's bellyache.
His family was doing their best for the Clan, and that made Firestar proud.
Suddenly everything did not feel right.
There was an electricity in the air, but a feeling of love and warmth came with this electricity, and that made Firestar uneasy.
He looked around for Leafpool, wondering if it was a sign from StarClan, when a vortex appeared.
Firestar gazed up at it, the rainbow colors flying from the hole fascinating him.
He was so enraptured that he didn't notice Sandstorm running towards him from the tunnel.
"Firestar!" She yowled, but it was too late.
Something darted out of the vortex and grabbed Firestar.
Sandstorm yowled and yowled, awakening the entire camp, as the vortex disappeared.
Leafpool darted up to her.
"What's wrong?" "Firestar is gone!" … That looks like a backstory for Firestar in The Shining Guardians.
I won't tell what happens next, so you'll have to find out for yourself.
A WILD SNEAK- (Claps a hand over the sneak peek) Not this time.
REVIEW!
I'm not dead!
Yeah, yeah, sorry.
And when I finally got around to writing this chapter, the internet was down and I had to rewrite it on my tablet.
I have gotten some complaints that I didn't make things clear enough, like when Artemis got his wings.
Do I really have to say again that Artemis was there for a month?
I'm pretty sure that's enough time for those scientists.
Anyway, the next few chapters should clear some things up, as they follow Artemis's time at the School.
Anyone else here like that?
I guess you want me to just get to the story.
Here ya go.
I do not own Artemis Fowl or Maximum Ride.
For the longest time, that was all he could remember.
He couldn't even remember his own name.
He couldn't keep track of time anymore...) those men came for him, causing him to scream and cry.
He knew he had once been...
His body didn't feel the same.
In the logical part of his mind, he knew that those men had done something to him, but he didn't know what.
Time passed, and slowly, ever so slowly, memories started to return.
He still couldn't remember his name, but other things came back.
But then the scientists came for him again.
The pain came back, worse this time.
Hey, sorry this chapter is short, but I thought it would be a good place to stop.
If the way this chapter is written seems confusing, well, I tried to write it like it was a memory.
So, y'all, I'm gonna go start writing a chapter for my new fanfic!
Artemis here is going to close out for me!
(runs away) Artemis: ...
Artemis: Fine, Crystal, I'll do it.
Well, if you really don't want to...
(runs away) Artemis: (skims to the bottom of the paper) If I'm reading this, then Crystal has either gone to play Five Nights at Freddy's or is writing more fanfictions.
So in her place, I ask you to please Review!
Crystal has placed a three-review-rule: For every three reviews, she will write another chapter!
(reads the next line) Artemis: No. I am not going to say that.
(walks out of the room) (I peek my head back in the room) Me: PEACE OUT!A/N: Hey, guys, it's been a while, hasn't it?
I am discontinuing this story.
School, personal biz, and my 'rents.
Sorry.
I might at some point rewrite this story, as I've gotten tremendously better at writing since I last posted.
Until then, there's a story I've been working on with a friend on Wattpad.
If you like Hetalia, I recommend you go read it.
It's called "America's Little Sister".
See y'all later!I have given ajsammy8 permission to continue this story!
I will not be continuing this story myself as I have fallen out of both fandoms, but please go check out ajsammy8's story when it is published!. Artemis Fowl Goes on a Maximum Ride Fowl Manor, Dublin, Ireland; August 18, 2012 Artemis "Sir, would you like some more water?" Butler asked.
Ever since my time with the People ended, I became a bit depressed.
"Butler, we are going to Sacramento, California in an hour and I will pilot," I said, and went to my room.
Sacramento, California, U.S.A. Max "Who is that?" Fang squinted and shrugged.
"Max, there's two people down there," Nudge stated.
"I'm going to see what's up, by myself," I said quickly before they could even speak and flew down near them, but tucking my wings in before approaching.
The last thing I remembered before I blacked out was: Jeb shouting and Buffy coming at me with a net.
Fowl Manor, Dublin; August 21, 2012 Max "Sir, she is waking up," I tilted my head forward and jerked with pain.
Oh, and I wanted slap it off his face real bad, but I kept my cool, I was afraid Buffy was around.
"I am Artemis Fowl the Second and that is Butler."Fowl Manor, Ireland; August 21, 2012 Max  "Fowl?
He smirkedand someone in another room shouted, "Artemis, mommy wants you!".
"Mommy?" I said and grinned.
He silently groaned, glanced at Butler, and left.
"Now Beckett, do you know what will happen if you let her go?" he grinned and questioned.
Beckett shook his head and he answered, "Well, first, Butler will shoot her with a dart and she will become unconscious.
Then, Artemis will return and speak to us about why we should not have released her.
Beckett, do you still think it would be a good idea?" Beckett shook his head again and asked, "Then, Myles, can we atleast put Mommy's makeup on her," I made a disgusted face and Butler snorted.
When Myles had told Beckett no, they left and Artemis soon returned.
The smile disapeared and I asked, "Why am I here?" He grinned and I expected vampire fangs to pop out.
The Gasman snorted and took the binoculars."Well, I can see." "What do you see?" Fang questioned, becoming more and more aggravated each time Iggy or Gazzy said something.
"I see two kids, probably brothers, walking through a hall and talking," Gazzy responded and then asked Angel to read the brothers' minds.
"They're talking to each other about a girl with wings that their brother captured!" she exclaimed.
Here I come Max, Fang thought and then, That guy is so dead.Artemis Fowl:The Angel Experiment Part3 Artemis This creature is like nothing I have ever seen before, and I have seen many things.
Butler keeps an eye on him, so I don't pay much attention until I hear a loud BANG!
I quickly turn around to see that Butler has been shot with a dart and lying on the ground unconscious.
It belongs to a ninja set that Butler gave Beckett.
"MYLES!
"Hurry, Myles!" Beckett exclaimed as he ran to his parents' bedroom.
"I'm sorry if I'm slowing you down, oh Master.
It is hard to carry someone three times my size and run," Myles explained.
"Thank you!" he said and flew away.
"We are so dead!" Beckett cried.
Max I am still a bit dazed, but I can see that Fang is carrying me.
"Max, are you okay?" he asks.
I look around and see Iggy, Nudge, Gazzy, and Angel flying around him.
"We need to find Jeb," I mumble, and Iggy crosses his arms.
"Great idea, Max. We need to find the person who was working with that little creep," he says.
Iggy didn't know he was almost the same age as Artemis Foul.
"Fang, you really aren't considering going back, right?" Iggy complains.
"It probably isn't a good idea…" Fang says.
"Artemis wants to make money off of you, Max," Angel finally says.
He has enough money." "He is looking for his father, and he needs funding," Angel says, still reading his mind.
However, that was replaced with anger when Gazzy was shot and began to fall.Well, I'm gonna write more and try to post a new one once a week!
I'll try to.Part 2 and 3 are now in chapter form, or whatever!
Max  "Gazzy!" Angel screamed as she flew after her brother, but she was shot as well.
I kicked and squirmed, screamed and cried, but Fang wouldn't let go.
"Fang, please," I pleaded, "let me go!" He shook his head and continued to fly.
"Why?" I asked, using my hands to cover my face, so Fang couldn't see me cry.
I'm trying to find a place for us to hide, so we can rest and then, save the rest of the flock," he said almost emotionless.
"How do you know they'll still be alive?" I whispered.
Artemis Excellent!
However, there is almost no doubt that the rest will come and try to rescue their companions… "Sir," a deep voice behind me announced, "I have found two more hiding in the gardening shed.
Would you like me to apprehend them?" I nodded, and Butler set off towards the shed.
Maximum has been drugged, so she will be no help whatsoever to her friends, and I highly doubt that the other believes he can defeat the Fowl family by himself.
I grinned.
Let the games begin!Max I stretched and yawned.
Fang was sitting on the limb beside me.
"So," he began, "how did you sleep?"  "Good, considering we're in a tree, but that doesn't matter; we have to help Gazzy and Angel!" I exclaimed, and he nodded in agreement.
I stood up and jumped from the tree; Fang followed, and we began to fly to Foul Manor.
Artemis I sat beside the young girl's bed.
Her face was so peaceful and angelic, which made me feel remorse, because I had shot her.
Well, except for Max and Fang who have "crushes" on each other.
Finally, Angel rubbed her eyes and yawned.
"Bon matin, mademoiselle Angel," I greeted the young girl.
I wanted to test it, so I greeted her in French and thought what the words meant in English.
"Bonjour, monsieur Fowl," she replied, and I grinned.
"Now that you've tested whether I can read minds or not, may I see my brother?" Angel asked.
I chortled and replied, "Oui , Mlle Angel; suivez-mo." Angel followed me to her brother's room, and I opened the door to see Myles, Beckett, and the Gasman watching Spongebob Squarepants.
"Myles, Beckett, che cosa sono che fate dentro qui?!" I exclaimed in Italian for some reason.
"Myles, Beckett, what are you doing in here?!" I repeated in English, and Beckett started crying.
Then, Myles joined.
"Artemis, ha chiuso appena in su!" Myles shouted, and I began yelling at him.
"You cannot tell me to shut up; I'm your older brother!" So Beckett was crying, I was yelling at Myles, he was yelling at me in Italian, and Angel and the Gasman continued to watch Spongebob which happened to be blaring.
Max "There's Gazzy!
And Angel!" I exclaimed and pointed towards the two.
Fang knocked on the window, but they were too transfixed on the T.V. to hear us.
Plus the bigger kid, Beckett, was crying, the smaller one, Myles, was yelling at Artemis in some other language, and Artemis was yelling back in English.
I thought our family had problems… Finally, Fang rammed his elbow into the window and shattered it.
"Nice," I muttered as I grabbed Angel, but I felt something pushed into the side my head and heard the click of a gun's trigger being pulled.
"The next time I pull this trigger, a bullet will splatter your brains on the side of the house," said a deep voice, most likely Butler.
"So, I suggest you stay still." I glanced over at Fang; he had a gun to his head as well.
Max I felt warm tears splatter on my hands.
"Angel, sweetie, please don't cry," I tried comforting her.
"We'll get out of this situation, just like last time and the time before that." She slightly nodded.
Follow shalon1200 to get updates on Artemis Fowl: The Angel Experiment and other stories that I'm currently writing!
Domovi56Max The demon kid began to laugh.
"Artemis: 1, Max: 0!" he said and grinned.
"Butler, bring them inside." The large man behind Fang, Angel, Gazzy, and I shoved the gun harder into our heads, almost forcing us to move.
We slowly walked to the closest door, went in, and were taken to the room occupied by Artemis.
"Thank you, Butler," he began.
Soon, Butler returned with rest of the flock.
Well, right in front of us is Max and Fang and Artemis and Gazzy!
I am-" That was the last word she said before Butler knocked her out cold.
"Now," Artemis cleared his throat, "I shall begin to explain my recent actions."  "Please, do!" angrily exclaimed Fang.
Artemis "My name is Artemis Fowl the Second; my fathe, Artemis Fowl Sr., was once a crime lord, but he has retired.
My mother is Angelina Fowl, my younger brothers are Myles and beckett Fowl, and we have two bodyguards: Juliet and Butler-"  "Uh, yeah, I don't care.
"Once Butler, Maximum, and I had reached Fowl Manor, I tested her, and discovered that her DNA had a trademark left by an organization that does many types of experiments.
You may know it as The School."Max "I am aware that The School made us this way," I began, "but I would like to know what you know about it."  "I know the wretched place mutates animals and humans and works with other organizations such as the Extinctionists," he replied.
"Are you still going to try to experiment on us?" I asked; I had to get our conversation away from that topic.
"I did say that, didn't I?" Artemis hmm-ed and straightened his tie.
Artemis Why did I say that?
Possibly because I had wanted to at the time but not now… Was it because I felt remorse for capturing them?
Maybe because The School had tampered with them… "Master Artemis isn't near childish enough to capture something just to experiment on it," explained Butler, making Maximum jump.
Maximum was about to say something when someone knocked on the door.
"We want to show you something, so open up!"  Max Artemis's face turned even paler than usual.
An evil grin broke out on my face and almost everyone else.
Mr. Fowl!" Gazzy, Fang, Iggy, and I shouted.
Artemis broke out of his trance.
"Arty, who is that?" said his mother.
Butler covered Gazzy and Iggy's mouths, but he couldn't cover Fang's and mine.
"We're being held capti-"  "Mother, these are my friends Max, Finn, Isaac, Natalie, George, and Angel.
I'll be out in a minute!" Artemis shouted and his mother responded "okay".
"Allow me to explain what I intend on doing with you!" Artemis yelled; it was obvious that he was very angry.
"What?" all members of the flock, except Angel and Nudge, who was still unconscious, said at the same time.Author's Note: Hehe, I added a Kuroshitsuji reference!
(kinda...!) Max  "You may live here," Artemis repeated.
The flock and I began to laugh.
Everyone but Angel… She knows something we don't… "Angel, sweetie-"  "He never meant to hurt anyone, and he is telling the truth," she said.
"I think we should at least consider his offer." Fang and I exchanged glances.
This psychopath and his demonic butler?
Artemis  "You have two minutes to discuss my offer," I said, trying my best not to grin.
Angel is quite smart.
I couldn't make out what they were saying, but I bet the word "no" came up a lot.
"Fine," said Maximum, "we'll stay." I smiled, and Angel spoke up.
"Butler, can we watch a romance movie together?
We both like them!" Butler's face turned the reddest I have ever seen, and everyone laughed.
I reread Artemis Fowl, for the third time, started Artemis Fowl: The Atlantis Complex, and will reread The Last Guardian to review a bit.. "How are you doing?" he asked Artemis.
"It's nothing, just there are a uncommon amount of privet airplanes landing around this area." "It's most likely nothing Artemis." Butler told him but thought to himself that he would have someone look into it later.
But Butler saw the little twinkle in his mismatched eyes and he knew that he was interested and once Artemis Fowl was interested in something there was almost no going back.
So I asked Beckett what he wanted to do and he said make things go boom and I thought that sounded exciting and we got our train play set and well we need Butler and your help.
Quickly." Butler and Artemis shared a look.
Melody~ "RIO" Melody screamed his name.
"Where's Rio?
"808 I don't know your name, tell me." "Melody" then she saw out of the corner of her eye a small cage and recognized it as Rio's.
"Melody!" she could scarcely hear Rio's small voice answer.
1414 was Rio's number, Melody waited to see what would happen.
"1414, male, black hair, cat like green eyes, black cat ears and black tails, age 4, cat hybrid, transforming power, code name Rio." The man read and peered in the cage.
"Melody, I am scared." Rio said its little body was shaking.
Melody and Rio held each other's hand tighter.
Melody hit her head hard but Rio managed to protect himself.
Failed prototype, can you tell." Rio said once the robot had slammed the door, leaving them in a plane with a bunch of other kids in cages.
"Yeah he was really stupid not a success at all." Melody agreed "looks like every one besides us has given up." "Yep looks like it." Rio said, he called out to a boy across the way "Hello".
For some of them there was no more use for talking others had just forgotten."The man said we are going to Ireland, Do you know where that is Mell?" "Nope not really but I don't think it's in America." "Really, so they are going to take us out of the country?" "I think so, ugh my head hurts." Melody said as she rubbed her head "Everything is fuzzy." Then she passed out.
Rio knew she would be okay Melody will pull out it soon.
Thank you thank you 3Artemis~ Holly Short was waiting for Artemis when he entered the sitting room.
"Holly, why hello, what brings you here?" Artemis said.
"Well it's good to see you Holly, just a surprise that's all." Butler said.
"I had some business nearby and I thought I'd stop in." Holly said.
She said she had an appointment but I that I could wait there for you." Holly had meet Artemis's mother a few time now.
"What business are you on?" Artemis asked.
Has Orin made any appearances lately?" "No, for the most part I have been doing much better." As Artemis said this he noticed that Butlers tie wasn't strait.
"That's good if you keep following the doctors' orders you should get better and better." "About that Holly I think Artemis is doing a secret project behind our backs." Butler voiced.
"It's nothing large Holly just a little research really it's just an insignificant, something to give me something to think about." "Fine but just don't over work yourself." Holly said knowing that he would continue if she approved or not.
"I have to get going, lots of work to be done." "I understand you're very busy with your affairs that you won't tell me about." Artemis said.
"I'm at Fowl manner, I stopped by to see how Artemis was doing." Holly said into the helmet.
"I'm not going to dignifying that with a response." She paused listening "Folly says hi." "We say hello too." Butler said.
"Well this is fun." James said, he got a couple of smiles and one laugh.
"You laughed." James said taken a back.
"Yeah it was funny because this isn't fun at all." The little boy said, James could tell the boy was American by his accent.
"Why do you talk like that, Melody says the men in white coats here talk funny cause there Irish but you don't sound like they do." "I'm from England, and I'm guessing you must be from America." "Yep, me and Melody are both American." Now really looking at the boy he noticed that he not only had cat eyes but had cat tail and ears too.
"Well Rio at break time you now where they have you walk around in that big room with everyone.
"Come on every one time for today's tests" a man in a white coat said.
Yes it does hurt my dignity asking my LITTLE sister for help but she likes my writing and wants to keep up with the story so everything works out.
O and guess what I don't own Maximum Ride or Artemis fowl or any of their characters Artemis ~ "That's interesting." Artemis said to himself.
"Hey mudboys." Holly said as she entered the room.
Artemis and Butler were now used to Holly stopping in ordinarily.
"Hello holly." Artemis greeted her.
"Hi Holly." Butler said.
"Nothing just working on a project." Artemis said standing up.
"Hello Orin." Holly said in a dry voice.
My good friend and my dear companion!" he said rushing to Butler.
I think it was static electricity." Butler said.
"We must fix this, to the lab!" Orin said then ran out the room into the lab.
Rio~ "Any way he told us to meet him here." Rio said to Melody.
"There he is." Rio said excitedly and rushed to him.
"Hello Rio." James greeted him.
"Hi James" Rio said "this is my friend Melody." "Hi Melody it's nice to meet you." James said his face got slightly red.
"Nice to meet you too, what did you want to tell us?" Melody asked.
"How do you feel about trying to escape?" James asked them." "What?" Rio asked.
"I would love to, but it's impossible, right?" Melody said.
"I don't think so, I have a plan." James said.
Then I meet Rio and he seemed normal and so I talked-" "Your plan?" Melody insisted.
I now it's rough but what do you say?" Rio looked at Melody, she was thinking.
"Rio shush." Melody shushed him.
I can also make claws come out of the tips of my fingers." James said.
"That's useful." Melody said.
"What can you two do?" "I can make claws too and I can see in the dark and I'm really good at climbing things." Rio said proudly.
James, Melody, and Rio had gone over their plan for another month.
They made it to the field James had picked up Rio when they were running, now he put him down.
"Melody go run across and open the gate, we'll hold them off." James instructed.
James and Rio ran towards the ten hybrids.
"hold'em."James said as he began to work with the lock.
"I don't mean to rush you." Melody said as the white coats walked towards them with cages.
"I've almost got it." James said "done!" The last door slid up but as soon as it reached the top it began to slide back down again.
Melody grabbed Rio and dived in the direction of the door.
"We did it." James said, then he said it again "We did it!" The reality hit them.
They laughed and hugged and James spun Melody around in his arms and Rio was jumping up and down.
"Something bad is going to happen." she said.
"What?" James said.
The only good thing about this power is it allows her to braces herself." Rio informed James.
And second of all you're so tired Mel it's probably nothing." "No," Melody said "did you hear that?" They gathered together and got ready to fight.
Out of the corner of her eye melody saw Rio fly through the air and land hard with a bang, he didn't get back up.
She ran to Rio and James, they were bleeding badly and barely breathing.
She looked at the little boy who apparently was named Rio. She bent down and tried to heal him.
"Don't worry; I'm going to help you." She said as she knelt down.
Get me back up and ask Artemis if would mind having some house guests.Rio opened his eyes slowly.
"" Rio said "Melody!
I'm not going to hurt you, it is okay." Butler said trying to calm him.
"." Rio said.
"Holly, Artemis, one of them is awake." Butler yelled giving up.
"It's alright no one is going to hurt you." Holly said her voice was incredibly soothing.
"I want to see Melody!" Rio sniffled.
"I'm guessing you mean the girl you can in here with." Artemis said.
I'm guessing she might need sleep after the troll." Artemis said.
"Artemis," Holly said disapprovingly.
"Well Rio." "How did you know my name?" "Your friend told me." "Melody?" "Yes, Melody.
Any way there was a very dangerous animal that attacked you and your friends and Melody ask me to help you." "Is she going to be okay?" he said snuggling up to her sleeping body.
"Yes, we think she'll be fine." Artemis said and tried something that looked close to a friendly smile.
"Where's James, is he okay to?" "He's going to be fine; I'll have my friend Butler cheek on him now." Artemis turned to Butler and he walked out of the room.
"Now Rio do you mind if we ask you some questions?" Holly asked.
"Did they do that to you?" Artemis asked.
"I'm tired." Rio said.
"It's okay we'll talk about it later." "I bet you're hungry too." Artemis said.
"We will go get you some food." Holly said "Come on Artemis." They both walked out of the room and shut the door behind them.
"Poor kid," Holly said he "seems so frighten." "I know," Artemis said "he couldn't be much older than Myles and Beckett." At that moment they heard a crash coming from the room were the older male was.
So I brought you here for medical help." Holly said.
"Your friends Rio and Melody are in the other room.
Rio awake and Melody is still sleeping.
We helped you because it looks like you have an interesting story to tell and we wanted to hear it." Holly said trying to answer as many questions as she could.
"My name is Holly Short and this is Artemis Fowl." "Well…um….
Thanks I guess." James said calming down.
"We tried to ask Rio about what happened to you, but he wouldn't answer." Artemis said.
"Take me to my friends and I'll tell you everything." James said.
"Deal" Artemis said.
They took him to the room were Melody and Rio were.
"James!" Rio said as soon as he got in the room.
"Hey little guy." James said tearing up.
He told them about his early days as an experiment , the terror he went through , the awful experiments they did on him, the powers he had , when they had moved him , when he started planning , when he meet Rio and Melody, and their escape.
"I knew something was going on nearby there." Artemis said.
"That's why all the airplanes where here they were bring the children." "I assumed that Artemis" Holly said.
Artemis you have to help them to.
Their story appeals to me." "Butler you been quite for a little while." "Where do you think they get the D.N.A from?" "Donors I guess." Holly answered "Why do you ask?" "No reason." But it was clear to Holly and Artemis that there was a reason.
"I agree." said Holly.
We won't need to try and hide our self from them." "I am going to see what else I can find out now that we know more" Artemis said.
"Good idea I'm going to go back and cheek on them." Holly said.
Holly, Artemis, and Butler went there different ways down the hall.. "Since it's only eleven thirty." "And we don't want anyone to see us?" Alley asked.
"It's cold!" "Do you want to play Marco-polo, Alley?" Angel asked.
I'd been kind of worried that Angel would hate Alley, because Angel had been the youngest for a long time.
"Sure, how do you play?" Alley asked.
"Okay, sounds weird, Max, Nudge, do you want to play?" "I think I'll pass." I said.
"I'll play," Nudge said.
Two and a half dozen guys in black were surrounding Alley, Angel and Nudge on the other side of the river.
Two of the men grabbed Alley and Nudge.
Then they shot Alley.
"Alley!
Are you okay?" "Yeah- I'm fine." Alley gasped.
I tried to get back above water anyway; I needed to help Nudge and Alley.
The men, their guns, and Alley and Nudge were just gone.
"Arty," Angeline said as Artemis entered.
"Yes, mother." Artemis didn't bother arguing with his mother, she had that look in her eyes, a look that plainly said that her mind was made up and could not be changed.
If you want to read Alley's story it's posted as 'a little pair of silver wings'.
"Yeah, and Nudge has the other." I said.
"Nudge and Alley are missing, just meet us, okay?" "What happened?" it was Fang speaking now.
"I swear, we'll find them." Alley's P.O.V Alley felt like crying.
Alley had a plan.
"Nudge?" Alley whispered loudly.
"Yes?" Nudge said.
He'd used it to keep Alley safe.
Alley had seen him go, shot in the head.
He'd died because of Alley.
"I got a knife Nudge," Alley said, swallowing her tears.
"I'm gonna cut you loose, do not move." "Okay." Nudge said.
Nudges hands were bleeding when Alley was done, but Nudge smiled.
"Good job, Alley, thank you.
All right, let's get out of here." Alley slipped the box cutter into her pocket, on the off chance she'd need it later.
"How do you know all this anyway?" "Conner taught me, when Scott found us once, I was four." Alley said simply.
"Yeah, I remember everything." Alley said.
"Are you all right?" Nudge's P.O.V "Now we have to jump." Alley said.
"They clipped my wing with the bullet." Alley said sadly.
"We can do this," she told Alley.
Nudge took Alley's good hand.
"We have to," Alley said.
"Just keep your head down, try to land on your shoulder, and roll, or we'll have some major road rash." "Head down, land on shoulder, roll, gotcha." Nudge said, too nervous to speak in complete sentences.
"I'll count to three, them we jump, and let go of each others hands, or we might snap our arms." Alley said, sounding braver than Nudge felt.
"One," Alley started.
"Two," Nudge took a long breath and let Alley's hand go.
"Three!" Alley shouted and they jumped.
She sat up and looked around for Alley.
"Alley!
Oh god, Alley!" Nudge got up and ran over to her.
She wanted to move Alley, get her hurt arm out, but she wasn't sure if that might hurt her more.
"Alley, can you hear me?" Nudge asked.
"Alley!" Nudge screamed, half-crying.
"You know, it's that thing, where you fall and then there's a guy, and he's got a gun and he goes 'I think I'ma shoot someone, cause I'ma gangster.' and then you're all like 'holy crap, how'd I get all this blood all over me?' and then you have to jump out of a moving car and you land on your head, maybe, and you're really just fine, but you look like crap and people freak out?
Yeah, it's like that." "Pardon?" Artemis asked.
"Alley?" Artemis heard her whisper.
What hurts?" The child, Alley, moaned.
"Yeah, just my head, and my arm, and… everything else, but I'm really fine Nudge." "Where are your parents?" Angeline asked.
We'll find them later-" "Nudge-" Alley started.
"Hold up Alley.
"Yes, Alley?" "Nudge, I feel floaty, all over the world right now, like a fish.
I think we need their help, at least ask them if they know where we are." Alley croaked.
"Wow, not that far from… hmm, Alley, you think you can move?" "Sure." the little girl staggered to her feet, and Artemis saw just how soaked her clothes were in blood.
"Careful, easy, here." The older girl, Nudge, held Alley up.
"Peace out homies," "Nudge, don't fly, I'm too heavy." Alley whimpered.
"I have to Alley, we have to find Max." Nudge said.
Leave me here, I'll wait, you bring them back." "No, not ever, no, no, no." said Nudge.
"Nudge, this is a bad idea, do not do it, or I will kill you, as soon I can move both my arms, if we don't die." Alley hissed.
"We will help you," Artemis said.
"Please Nudge, I think I'm gonna puke and pass out, at the same time." Alley whispered.
Nudge looked carefully at Artemis, Angeline, Butler and even Myles and Beckett in turn and said, "Fine.
"They're probably in cages somewhere." "Alley is good at escaping, we should look for them anyway.
"I don't want to know, not now, anyway." "So what are we going to do about Alley and Nudge?" Iggy asked.
"Hello, sweetheart," he said, planting a kiss on Caballine's cheek, "Pardon me, but I have to steal Holly for a while, she's needed at police plaza, there's an emergency." "Oh," said Holly handing the box to the white giggler, "I'm so sorry, Caballine, I really must go, this might be important." She stood and followed Foaly.
"Wait no." she remember convincing Nudge to let those people from the woods help them, then the really big guy had carried her to a car, and then they took her inside, and the big guy got her a drink.
Where is Nudge?
Not like the paintings Alley's mom had done when she was alive.
Alley ordered herself.
You have to find Nudge!
don't have much else to say beside "if you still don't know who the heck Alley is or why she matters to Max, check my page, her story is 'A little pair of Silver Wings'!" that is all, have a nice day.
oh, and please review!]  Nudge's POV "Would you like some tea, dear?" the Irish lady asked kindly.
"Or something to eat?" "No thank you," Nudge said.
"I'm Angeline Fowl by the way." Angeline Fowl said, Nudge saw through the friendliness; saw that Angeline was trying to get Nudge to tell her name.
"That's a nice name, I guess, it's… nice." Nudge fidgeted and quickly prayed that Alley was okay.
"Max, it's Nudge.
Now we're with some Irish people, and I screwed everything up, and they'll probably find out, but Alley was really hurt and bleeding all over the place and she didn't want to you know, cause she said I'd drop her, and she couldn't you know, cause her one of her you knows got hurt by that guy, so I didn't have a choice.
But I won't tell them anything, and as soon as I can move Alley we'll leave if you haven't come yet, but please come soon, love you, bye." Next she tried Fang's phone.
"No." Nudge knew if she said anything else on the matter she'd end up spilling everything.
She couldn't do that to Max, or Alley.
Now I have these, they're not that bad, but I want to get some Uggs, cause those things are so cute, I'm gonna get pink ones, I think, or maybe brown, cause pink won't go with some colors and brown goes with everything, except black which is fine, cause I don't really wear black." "Really?" Angeline said politely.
Is Alley okay?
"What is your name again?" Angeline was still after that info, even though she'd heard Nudge say it like five times already.
"Yeah, it is." Nudge said.
"Does Artemis know them?" Holly asked as she powered up her shield.
"Yep, I do that for fun." Alley said sarcastically, getting to her feet.
Alley tossed her head like she really did do that for fun.
Nudge?" she asked.
"She's just in the kitchen, are you sure you're unhurt?" "Yes. I'm peachy keen, never been better." Alley lied with a huge smile.
"Alley-" the boy started.
"Your name is Alley, am I correct?" "Depends who's asking." Alley said coolly.
"Uh-hu, I'm Alley." Alley gave up, he had already known her name, so giving a fake would make her look crazy, or at least like she was keeping secrets.
"Alley, would you mind telling me where you got your wings?" Artemis asked calmly.
Alley took her time counting on her fingers, mumbling, "ten plus twenty-five… minus six, carry the eight… plus nine… and then a little swirly thingy," she looked up at Artemis, "five years, ten months, one week and two days old." She grinned, even though her head was pounding and she was pretty sure she had skipped a week.
"'Kay, and where did you get your eyebrows?" Alley asked quickly.
"Are you sure you're not hungry, dear?" the woman, Angeline saved Artemis from the rapid fire drill Alley was about to start.
"Yes, I'm fine, thank you." Alley was getting dizzier.
"All right," Artemis said.
"No, I'm scared and dizzy, and everything hurts." Alley whispered in Nudges ear, out loud, she said, "Yeah, I'm fine." "Good," Nudge said, "I called Max and left a message, she should call back." Max's pov Angel and Iggy weren't joking, or crazy, or anything.
Max, we have to find Alley and Nudge and get out of here." "What?
until next time, this is a girl with far too little time on her hands, signing off]Alley's POV Alley wondered how long she could sit like this and not pass out.
She didn't have to do or say anything, thanks to the Nudge channel, so her head was only hurting a little, but her wing and arm hurt almost as badly as they had in the trunk of that car.
Nudge was chatting with the big man, Butler, and the woman, Angeline, about the area, and how pretty it was and how much cleaner and cuter everything seemed here than back in the states and how nice everyone was and how much cooler the accents were and all the other good things about Ireland.
"Yeah, I'm fine," Alley swallowed a dozen meaner things she could have said, she'd just about used up her come-backs for the day.
"No," Alley wanted to slap him.
Then, before Artemis can ask another question about Alley's wellbeing, someone knocked on the back door.
4. Holly Short has a HUGE crush on said rich kid, I could tell because her eyes had that dreamy glaze when she said his name, also, Angel nodded when I thought about it.
So, now that we were all on the same page, we were flying (through the rain) to the rich kid's house, because Holly- sorry, Captain Short- swore up and down that Artemis could help find Alley and Nudge.
I'm following an elf to some rich genus's house so I can find Alley and Nudge.
Alley, who had been sitting across the table from Artemis, suddenly leapt from her chair and ran to the tallest girl.
The girl, Max, wrapped her arms around Alley and lifted her off the floor.
"Alley, are you okay?" "Yeah, I'll be fine." Alley said.
"Nudge?
Are you okay?" "Of course I'm fine, they only shot Alley, and I didn't land on my head." Nudge replied.
And so will Alley, she's really good at being sad.
Alley: that much I am.
Me: oh, hi, Alley, I thought you were having a sleepover with the little girl who lives down the street.
Alley: no, she's kinda dumb, no offense, but she would die if she were like me.
Alley: no, not really.
and, if you liked this, check out my other stuff, including A Pair Of Little Silver Wings, which is about Alley, and how she joined the flock.
Alley: ooh!. I sat up, hitting my head on the ceiling as Miss Seleca made the rounds in my dorm room.
I escaped at one point with Fang Iggy Gazzy and Nudge, and we stumbled across an orphanage.
"Are we all in trouble?" I asked." "I don't think so," Fang answered.
"Will you all come in now?" Miss Nelly's voice came from inside her office.I straighened my dress and hair, only then turning the knob and leading the Flock inside.
I took one look at Miss Nelly's face and without reading her thoughts I could already tell that she had been saying some nasty things about us.
"I would like you to meet your new adoptive mother.""What?" Gazzy asked, confused.
Not knowing what to do, I rushed toward Mrs. Fowl and hugged her.
Soon, everyone but Fang was hugging Mrs. Fowl.
Nudge straightened up, asking, "So what happens now?" "Now you scurry off and pack up while Mrs. Fowl does some paperwork," Miss Nelly said.
Mrs. Fowl just waved at us as we exited the room.
Maybe Mrs. Fowl was right about us.
these thoughts ran by me as I entered the room for the second time that day.
Mrs. Fowl turned around in her swivel chair to see what the Nellymeister was staring so evilly at.
THEIR RESEMBLANCE IS STARTING TO SCARE ME, Mrs. Fowl thought.
She said goodbye to Miss Nelly and walked out the door while I trailed behind her.
Nudge and Gazzy sat on the seat next to me while Fang and Iggy settled across from us and Mrs. Fowl sat shotgun.
"Juliet, you know where the airport is, right?" asked the bodyguard, who nodded her head.
"Oh, sorry." Mrs. Fowl smiled weakly.
"Sweetie, are you feeling alright?" Mrs. Fowl asked.
"We get really hungry," Gazzy explained when Juliet and Mrs. Fowl gave us odd looks.
Mrs. Fowl kept talking on and on about random things, like the weather and gas prices and some mutated flower found in Russia Nudge was enthusiastically carrying on the conversation with her, but I wasn't interested.
Maybe I had siblings (I probably did, based on Mrs. Fowl's thoughts of those two little boys).
"Welcome to your new home," the woman butler said as she opened the doors wide.
"This is Angel," she put a hand on my head, "Krystal, Zephyr, Jeff, and Nick," she finished with putting a hand on Fang's shoulder.
"What do you boys like to do for fun?" Mr. Fowl (I assumed) turned his attention directly to Fang and Iggy (who, may I remind you, were about fifteen years old by now).
Fang looked over Mr. Fowl, as though assessing whether we was a threat or not.
We've never had much time for fun." "Why is that?" Mr. Fowl raised and eyebrow.
Just us and a house in Colorado." Iggy said, leaving out that little bit about there having been another one of us.
"Juliet, show them to their rooms, please." Mrs. Fowl asked the butler.
"You each get your own rooms next to each other up here, but we can move two beds into one room if it would make you feel more comfortable." "We've been sleeping in the same room as other people for the last year." Nudge said.
"Because this is your room." She stopped in front of an ornate oaken door and dropped a key into Nudge's hand.
I was the last to get a room, and stopped in front of the door next to Gazzy's, but Juliet kept walking to the next door.
Then I looked back at her and asked, "Who's room is that between mine and...uh...Zephyr's." Her face fell and she looked away for a moment, as though she were fighting back tears she didn't want me to see.
Don't tell anyone else I told you this." I nodded and opened the door to my room.
I got to know my new parents-the only ones I'd ever had except for maybe that lying traitor, Jeb.
"Angel, you and Zephyr seem to look a lot alike," Mr. Fowl noted.
Mrs. Fowl was sitting next to the toddlers, who were eating scrambled eggs with their hands.
"Where's Mr. Fowl?" I asked, sitting next to Nudge.
"Upstairs, waking up the older boys." Mrs. Fowl answered.
"Which reminds me, later today we are all going out shopping for clothes today so you all have something better to wear than those drab uniforms." Juliet placed a plate of food in front of me and I dug in, showing no mercy.
"Oh….well…." Mrs. Fowl trailed off, probably not sure what to say to that.
"As soon as you're all done eating, we'll leave." Mr. Fowl said, coming in.
Fang opened the dressing room door and stepped out wearing jeans, a leather jacket, and a new haircut.
Iggy came out behind Fang wearing new clothes and some shades as well.
"How did you get so rich?" Gazzy asked Mr. Fowl.
"Arty…." Mrs. Fowl was holding the phone a few inches from her ear, a look of shock plastered on her face.
Then Mr. Fowl leapt into action, gathering up the twins and heading for the door.
There was an out of place electronic keypad next to the door, which Mr. Fowl's fingers stumbled over a few times before inputting the right code:0109, I read from his mind.
Mr. and Mrs. Fowl rushed forward and gripped the boy tight, stroking his hair and muttering things like "thought you were dead" and "all you have to say is hello?" Fang coughed.
"Will someone please tell me what's going on?" Iggy asked.
Artemis Fowl II." So I hope you liked this please no haters I will probably not be updating this saturday cuz i'm doing christmas then.
until next time, Live, Love, Fangirl/boy"Older?" Fang asked.
That room between mine and Gazzy's belonged to him, apparently he'd been missing for a while-about three years was my guess because of how old he looked and how old he was supposed to be.
"I thought I was going to go mad again when I lost you the way I lost your father," Angeline said, eliciting a wince from Artemis.
I came back as soon as I could, but what was mere hours for me was apparently years for you." I jerked my head up when he said this.
When he started, he sounded like a whitecoat explaining to new recruits what their job was-which was generally giving us painful tests and experimenting on us-but he was a little bit slower and more….something that I couldn't place.
I decided I should talk to him on my own a bit later.We were all meeting in my room, as a Flock, to discuss what we thought of the surprise brother.
"He never smiles," Nudge said.
Like looking in them could make you just do whatever he wanted you to." "He reminds me of the whitecoats with all his smart talk and stiffness." Gazzy put in.
"Angel?" Fang looked at me.
"His mind was blocked." "People don't consciously block their thoughts without something to hide," Iggy said.
"Hey guys," Nudge said from the window.
"Should we be worried if he's leaving the house at," she paused to check the clock, "ten forty-five at night." Fang glanced out the window behind her and looked out.
"I know you're there, Holly." Artemis said.
So I decided that it might be fun to do an 'ask the admin' sort of thing so just comment the number you want and I'll give it to you!
Zodiac sign 3 fears 3 things I love turn on's turn off's height birthday fave color do I have a crush fave quote fave place fave food what am I listening to right now what do I notice in a new person shoe size eye color hair color fave clothes fave movie fave song fave band how do I feel right now someone I love current relationship status fave holiday last book i read"You have an angel for a sister?" the girl asked, one of the rare moments I had seen her surprised.
"We're not alone." "Erasers?" asked Fang.
"Yeah," I nodded, looking up at him, "Two or three." "Stay behind us," Iggy told Artemis and the girl he was with.
And someone requested that I answer all of the ask the admin questions from the last chapter so here: Zodiac sign: Capricorn 3 fears: wolves(for reasons), my science teacher, getting burned(with fire) 3 things I love: computers, laughing, my Tapout jacket turn on's: 'I like anime', 'you drool in your sleep', 'run' turn off's: 'I've never read Percy Jackson' 'avatar as in, blue people?' 'girls shouldn't wear skulls' height: tallish I guess birthday: January 9 fave color: black do I have a crush: yes fave quote: "life's a b**** so if it's easy, you're doing it wrong fave place: my bedroom fave food: CHEESE BALLS!
what am I listening to right now: anthem of the lonely, nightcore what do I notice in a new person: personality shoe size: 8 in men's eye color: grey hair color: strawberry blonde fave clothes: combat boots and cargo pants fave movie: Now You See Me fave song: Soldatino fave band: Skillet how do I feel right now: like I seriously need to get a life someone I love: I don't really feel like telling you this current relationship status: single fave holiday: Halloween last book I read: the Westing Game(murder mystery)"D'arvit!" cursed the girl with pointy ears.
"Gazzy, Iggy, you come up with a convincing story to tell the parental units." "I'll find the closest School," Nudge volunteered.
"Getting Artemis back." I replied, then took a quick peek in her head, "We're not freaks, and we're not going to get ourselves killed, Captain." She reeled back and pulled her laser gun on us.
Big enough for five tall mud kids, we need to bring these guys to Haven." "We won't be going," Fang told her.
"You can't make us and we have a job to do." "You will go," she shot back, "because you can get help from us and by law I am required to bring in any human who has info on the People." Fang opened his mouth to argue, but I stopped him.
Then they're going to save Artemis and try to mind-wipe us." Holly stared at me with wide eyes for a bit before saying, "Okay, that's it, you're all going to have to take a nice nap." With speed faster than any of us could track, she stunned us all with her gun and I hit the ground with a dull thud.
I went across the room to try the door, which had been left open.
"I'm sorry miss, but you're going to have to stay in the room until we can call for the commander and arrange for you to go to Foaly's lab." "No," I said, "You're lying, they're already on their way here.
You want me to believe that I'm going to be marched away for torture or something like that so I'll freak out.
You're mean." He stared at me in shock the whole time I stood waiting for whoever was going to come for us.
"What is she doing outside the room?" I turned to look down the hall and saw the Captain and a male elf followed by a centaur coming toward us.
"Your eyes are orange today, Angel," Gazzy told me.
"Anyways, Angeline and Arty senior already lost him for three years, who knows how they'll react to losing him again as soon as they got him back?" "And getting to trash an Institute is a happy consequence of going after him." Gazzy said.
"So, Fang," Captain Short said from the driver's seat, obviously trying not to lose it over Nudge's blabbering.
"Who knows," Fang told her before Nudge could open her mouth again.
Like I said before, it's been years since i last updated anything and none of my posted works are a good example of what I'm able of now.. In this story, Max is around 16, and Artemis is around 14, almost 15.
He looked like any other teen out there, with (nearly black) jeans, Steel toed boots (curtesy of butler), and a blue sweatshirt.
Suddenly the door slammed open, causing all in the room to jump and turn, and for a couple (*Cough* Butler *Cough*) to subtly draw weapons.
The Fowl family, and the Butler's calmed down, but Artemis remained suspicious of her overly cheerful expression.
I was looking through the family records yesterday, and I found out we have a vacation home in California!" Artemis choked on his food, his Father raised an eyebrow, Butler and his sister looked at eachother, and the twins looked estatic (for their own reasons, they were like opposites).
He could imagine it now- the fairies would think he's plotting something and follow him, or they would try to break into the mansion while he's gone to figure out what he's doing, messing up his perfectly ordered room, try to hack into his computer (and fail, but still!
Maybe he could leave a note, or contact Holly before things get out of hand, he thought, blinking slightly.
"Mother, we couldn't possibly leave Butler behind, something might happen while we're travelling.
And I already know all about the other countries, there wouldn't be a need to learn anything."   Angelina Fowl rolled her eyes."You're being much too over dramatic and you've become far too used to Butler doing things for you.
A Fowl would never let themself caught off gaurd (even though it's happened so many time before.) The people around were all talking to eachother, there was an obnoxious person next to him, talking on the phone as loud as possible, he was getting a headache, and he could hear his twin brothers arguing with eachother, on the other side of the plane.
As Artemis focused on his current situation (and headache), he didn't even think about how what was currently happening could possibly ever be something dire, something that would not only change everything, including his life itself, but was something personally, sinisterly made to ruin his life as much as possible.
It was just poor Artemis who had his at the worst moment possible.
Looks like something might be going on here ;D.
_Line_break_ By the time Artemis and his family arrived at their vacation home, he was tired and irritated.
By the time they decided to get to their vacation home, it was in the late afternoon, and Artemis's legs were aching, and he was quite uncomfortable.
If she didn't know where the house was, it was obvious Artemis Fowl Senior would.
When they finally got to their destination, he immediatly went upstairs, not even bothering to observe the area, ignored everyone, picked out a random room (he didn't even care at this point, he was tired), and put his laptop and phone on their chargers (they both died on the plane ride, and he wasn't allowed to bring any other electronics).
_Line_-_BreAk_ When morning did come, Artemis tiredly opened his eyes to a room he didn't recognize.
While looking over everything, Artemis noticed his electronics.
With his only only ways of communicating with Butler, or anyone, even the fairies gone for the moment, Artemis could feel his unease growing at a quickly, but shoved it back down with a swallow.
Artemis had trapped himself without thinking.
Chapter Three The trees were thick, and leaves littered the ground around Artemis as he ran as fast as he could (which wasn't that fast- but faster than he would have been a couple years ago, thanks to Butler's training).
He briefly wondered who was after him now, before deciding he could look into it later when he found his family, and went back home to his mansion, which was full of plugs that actually worked!
(Honestly, he was kind of looking for an excuse to head home early anyway, so this would just help his arguement.) So much for the vacation his Mother had planned...
--_-LinEE-_-BreAk_- Artemis awoke to a pounding pain on the back of his head and a feeling of stiffness.
So he opened his eyes (oh how he would later he'd wish that he hadn't) and got his first glance of a place that would possibly haunt him for the rest of his life.
As soon as he open his eyes, he felt them burn in slight pain from the bright light, making him close them and re open them.
The place he was at looked like a complete white room with bright lights that reflected off the white walls.
I've been waiting for you to wake up." Artemis's head immediately turned to the speaker.
Why am I here?" Artemis knew very well why.
She took a couple steps foward before she spoke again, "You see Artemis, I hate humans.
Artemis felt the room temperature drop slightly.
Artemis felt the blood drain from his face.
"The LEP moniter me as often as possible, they'll notice something is wrong- and if they don't, then Butler or my family will notice something- and they won't be happy." He shot this back at her, clinging to anything he could think of.
By the time anyone notices, it will be far too late." Artemis stared at her feeling slightly horrified.
No one puts them in water." The one that didn't seem to like fish glanced at Artemis.
"Does that subject look like a fish type thing to you?
Something you can't screw up." The fish guy only got the chance to give the other a completely offended look before the door opened again, and an older person in a white coat walked in.
Have you figured out what you want to do yet?" The two guys looked at eachother with glares, and the strange person whou just entered gave Artemis a smile.
"Hey Jeb, I was trying to tell him that making a fish one is bad, but he refuses to even consider it.
The only thing they do is swim and forget stuff, you lump of trash-" They both looked like they would continue forever, but 'Jeb' cut them off.
Artemis stiffened slightly.
I was having trouble deciding whether to do the fairies pov, Artemis's, or the flock's.
But after looking it over, I actually decided that it wasn't completely horrible!
I decided to center this chapter on the fairies, the perfect thing to write at 12:30 am haha.
LlL_-In)9B$rEAAa-_kkkK Down in Haven, before any real trouble started to stir for Artemis, things were escalating.
But when things started to happen around Haven, he brushed it off like everyone else.
But right now, he wasn't going to overthink it like he usually did.
But considering that Foaly and Artemis were kind of almost friends, (not that he would admit it) and that they would sometimes challenge eachother with the various twisting codes and traps in their systems (Foaly wouldn't admit to this either, but if he or Artemis didn't want the other hacking their stuff, either of them could kick the other out at anytime.
That hadn't happened yet.) He also opened up various coding in Artemis's system that he had been working on for a couple weeks before these things started happening down in Haven.
(Artemis always changed up the code when Foaly wasn't looking.) Foaly stared tensly at the screen.
Usually, the human takes advantage of me being busy." Holly used Foaly's computer to look over the security footage, and found Artemis with his family at the dinner table, looking like a normal teen.
And whoever had done it probably wasn't Artemis because Artemis was never sloppy.
But seriously, if Artemis wanted stuff like that to happen to the fairies, it would.
She made the loop bad on purpose, not only to divert suspicion from herself, but to make sure that they notice something happened to their humany friend as soon as possible.
Origionally, I was going to make this story very gory and stuff, but since this is the first story I've written In more than two years, I decided I'd just go and see what happens :P.
This particular person went by the name of Artemis Fowl, who was currently having a darling time in the wonderful establishment that took him here against his will.
Artemis felt exausted as he stared into the erie darkness hovering over him (they had thrown a blanket over the crate, which was actually a bit suffocating, not to mention how cramped this space was).
He obviously had to be out of practice to make such a mistake; thinking back on things, it was actually quite obvious.
But right now, he could think, block things out, and only look at things from a detached sort of view.
Artemis took a breath, ignoring the pain that shot through his body.
None of that was particulary helpful to the current situation, but Artemis wanted to know what this place was, so he could conduct a plan of revenge for later.
(Which there would certainly be a later if he had anything to say about it.) He shifted his gaze to the crate's door -it was starting to feel quite uncomfortable in here- it was very dark, but he could see enough of what he needed to; instead of a classic dog cage lock, there was an actual lock that required a key.
If Artemis had a lockpick or was stronger than he was, he could possibly get the door open with a little bit of effort.
All the things that happened to Artemis had made him start carrying around hairpins and paper clips.
It wasn't like he was the kind of person to walk around without his shirt on, but he wouldn't be able to change without looking at it.
He wasn't entirely certain what they did, but he didn't want to think about it too much.
A person without a trained eye would say he looked concerned or regretful, but Artemis could tell it wasn't that.
I tried to make his chapter long than usual to make up for my absence, but yeah.
Here's an overview of all that's happened so far:  Artemis Fowl has loosened up since his last adventure- maybe too much.
Opal reveals herself to Artemis and leaves him at the School to 'rot or die'.
Not to mention that even though it had been almost a week since they were attacked, she couldn't help but feel like something was coming, like something was going to happen- and it did.
Angel did indeed look worn out, and there was a bruise appearing on her face that she hadn't noticed before.
"I don't think I've ever seen Jeb look so...
He always seemed too happy and would smile widely while doing tests (what Artemis wouldn't give to knock that look off his face; Fowl's however, were not stupid.
How dare they- how dare they do something like this to a child- He twisted around and faced Jeb. The latter paused his talking, and before Artemis knew what he was doing, they were both on the floor.
As Jeb forced himself off the floor, an agonizing throb burned up Artemis's back, and he bit his tongue hard to keep from crying out.
Artemis remembered his earlier thoughts about how Fowl's were not stupid.
I've made you into something more than any human could hope to be- but just like them, you took my kindness and threw it back at my face", his voiced raised to a shout at the end and was he left taking forceful gasps of air as he tried to calm down.
You'll see in the end- yes you all will", he muttered to himself, turning blood shot eyes to the bear like creature gripping Artemis's arm, in a way that would surely leave bruises later.
The first several were in Artemis's pov, but it wasn't working out.
I also tried to write more to make up a bit for my absence (did it work?. Yes, like I have already said, you may suggest book series (or single novels!) for me to read and then add into The Crossover.
:D Artemis Fowl: After The Atlantis Complex.
Like me and my Flock.
Fang swooped underneath me, Gazzy and Angel built sand castles on shore, and Iggy, Nudge and I were flying with Fang.
Total, Angel's talking dog (it still felt weird to say that) was curled up on the sand, snoring noisily.
"Look at this seashell, Max!" Angel called.
"I'm going up with the others, okay?" Her smile grew wider, her eyes wide and bright, like a normal six-year-old girl's.
Oh, and for those of you that don't know, Angel can read minds.
Let's see...Iggy was blind, Angel could read minds (plus project thoughts into other people's heads and breathe underwater), Gazzy could imitate voices, Fang could blend into any background at will, and I had a Voice in my head.
"Run!" I shouted, and I saw Angel and Gazzy take off from the ground.
"Max!" I heard Angel's voice screech.
I saw her concerned face, brown eyes wide as she leaned over me.
"What do you guys say we go find out where we are?" Seeing their exchanged looks, I added, "I can walk." "Okay, let's go," Iggy said quickly, and started scrambling through the undergrowth.
"Let's take a look," I said, and shuffled forward on hands and knees.
His eyes were closed so I couldn't tell what color they were.
He doesn't like to think about it." Definitely a white-coat's boy, I thought.
Angel concentrated for a moment, before replying, "It's-" She was suddenly interrupted by a sliding glass door opening, and a voice calling out, "Artemis!" Angel gave a tiny, acknowledging nod, and then gave a gesture for us to listen.
"Come inside, dear, Myles wants some tutoring in math." The teenager's eyes opened.
And I made sure none of the answers came out to-" "I'm not doing it!" the Artemis guy practically shouted.
"Doctor Argon said doing math isn't going to help right now." The voice, probably his mom, said then, "Well, your father and I think maybe you should work on it anyway." "You work with Myles," Artemis growled with clenched fists.
"He is." I couldn't ponder over that because Artemis's mom started talking again.
Artemis sighed and crossed his arms.
Then, after a good five minutes, he let his arms fall to his sides again, and he bowed his head, closing his eyes.
Angel closed her's, too, clearly reading his thoughts.
"What are you-" I started to ask, but Artemis was already turned toward us, a strange expression on his face.
"Okay," Angel said warmly, beaming hopefully.
"I'm Angel," she finished.
Keep an eye on his thoughts, I thought hard at Angel.
"We're armed!" Artemis tapped his foot, looking annoyed and a touch angry.
I saw Artemis flinch, but he quickly recovered and led us into the living room further.
Artemis didn't laugh.
I turned my head and opened my eyes to see a woman just a little taller than Artemis with light, bouncy blond hair, like the little boy Beckett.
She narrowed her eyes at him, looking intimidating despite her earlier happiness.
"Like she said, we don't even know where we are." Artemis's face took on a rock-solid look.
But he turned to her and I saw a frightened look cross his eyes.
"Artemis will show you to your rooms, dears." She got up and walked off.
Iggy looked uncomfortable just standing there, not knowing what was going on.
Artemis raised his eyebrows, but he didn't say anything.
Angel - with Total still in her arms, Nudge, and I followed Artemis to the adjacent room.
"You can all take showers in the morning," Artemis said stiffly, standing in the doorway while we picked our beds and took off our shoes.
It suddenly sounded like a good idea, so I nodded and crept across the hall to the bathroom.
"Artemis," she whispered.
"What kind of weirdo house have we ended up in now?" Angel took a deep breath, steeling herself, and then began to narrate Artemis's thoughts.
"He's thinking, 'why didn't she come?'" Angel said softly.
He was looking forward to today for a long time." The six-year-old's expression suddenly turned from slightly sad to absolutely shocked.
What happened?" Angel paused for a long moment, trying to sift out the memory from Artemis's brain.
"Maybe we can find out a little more." "Max, I don't think that's-" Angel started to say, but I was already up and out of bed.
Angel however, gently pushed Total away from her and followed me, eyes sad and frightened.
My wings ached with longing at the process, and I knew Artemis wouldn't be looking out the window, expecting three kids with wings to be spying on him.
Angel's wings seemed to glow, they were such a brilliant white.
We met up again after a few relaxing circles and Angel found Artemis's window for us.
Angel reached for my hand and alighted on the window ledge to look closer.
Angel closed her eyes and pressed her hands to the glass.
"Why doesn't he like them?" Angel shrugged.
"Ange," I said after a while, "How did you know all of that stuff if he wasn't thinking about it?" She looked at me for a minute.
Artemis was sitting up in bed, staring at us - namely, our wings - with wide eyes.
Mr. Fowl - who told us his name was also Artemis - was sitting right next to his son.
Artemis was wearing a suit again, and so was Mr. Fowl.
Well, except for Artemis maybe.
"And yes, you can go." She smiled warmly as he jumped up, quickly followed by Angel.
"You know," Mr. Fowl said after they were gone.
All of you are." Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Artemis glaring at me.
I saw Fang standing at the corner, looking slightly anxious for me.
"I'm the leader." He nodded slowly, finally meeting my eyes.
Did you have a headache as I did when Angel introduced herself to me?" I didn't know what to tell him.
I decided nothing would happen if I told him the truth except maybe some more weird looks, so I just said, "Yeah." "Did you see anything when it happened?" he pressed, actually leaning in to get a better look at me.
Artemis rushed us up the stairs and down the hall, stopping at a white door.
"Where did all this come from?" I gaped as Artemis scanned his blue eye and opened the door.
"What?" "Nothing," he mumbled, and opened the door, exposing the full room to my peering eyes.
Nothing came up." I hated to sound like in idiot, but I had to know.
Standing up to get a better look, I tried to imagine the black hole except white.
I knew it was only me, though, because Artemis didn't say anything about it.
"We went through a dimensional rip." Artemis's lips warped into a wry smile.
However, the boy almost toppled forward, his hair coming loose and spilling in a shock over his eyes.
"Artemis is my principle," he said in a surprisingly gentle voice.
"But I don't think you'll hurt him." I smiled back, but I knew my eyes were cold.
Nudge seemed to notice that I was standing next Artemis, and shrunk back a little.
Artemis shot a look at me.
His eyes clearly said, Tell them the truth.
"Trust me." We stood like that, hands intertwined, staring into each other's eyes.
Mrs. Fowl screamed and leaned against Artemis Senior, who was looking pale as death.
"Butler, don't," Artemis commanded, and stood in front of me, carefully evading my extended wings.
"We can explain."Chapter 4: Maximum Ride "And so you see," Artemis finished, "we have to go to the Appalacian Mountains to meet the rip.
Max did not receive the images, so I assume that it is the Complex at work." Mrs. Fowl pursed her lips, casting a friendly but uncertain look at my Flock.
But like I said, I worry about you.
Although I have a resigned grudge to it, I have to say that without it I do not know where we'd be." "Artemis is right." I turned to see Iggy on his feet.
"Even with the Flyboys and stuff, I still like our dimension better." I nodded thoughtfully.
Nudge smiled, and Angel giggled a little.
Artemis only looked slightly amused.
"Artemis, we should tell Dr. Argon you're going away from home.
I think he'd like-" "We're not telling Dr. Argon," Artemis interrupted in a cruel tone.
I returned the grin and called back to Artemis, "Yeah." Instead of walking up to his room again, he led me out through the back door.
"I'll turn up the volume so that you can hear," Artemis announced calmly, not at all worried like I had thought.
I think you should know what it is." Holly's voice grew grim.
Artemis had done a very convincing job of pretending he hadn't seen a mutant before if she was like us.
"We don't want Holly coming to a dirty house." Artemis rolled his eyes.
"Oh well." Artemis straightened his tie and walked briskly to the door, throwing it open.
"Fowl," Holly's voice said back.
The entire Flock looked confused by the sight of Artemis standing next to her.
There was a weird-looking helmet - just like in Artemis's closet - under her arm, the exact same color as the jumpsuit.
"You guys have, like, identical eyes." Artemis's mouth twisted.
"Our eyes got switched." Holly looked at him in shock.
"I'll do it." He glanced around to make sure there was enough room before unfurling his solid black wings.
Nudge, Iggy, Gazzy, and Angel all revealed their wings until there was hardly any room left.
Artemis's mouth dropped open, and Mrs. Fowl screamed again.
Holly just shook her head, eyes boggling.
"Artemis," Holly hissed.
After Artemis had told us about the People, the Gasman had been all over Holly.
Artemis totally ignored me and turned instead to Holly, giving her a slightly pained look.
Artemis was next to her, his eyes filled with a desperate hunger.
"Hi Katniss." Without looking at Peeta, I growl, "We're you sneaking out with my sister?" Out of the corner of my eye, I see him shake his head.
I brace myself for a hard landing, but I'm instead met by a harsh light, so clean and white that it burns my eyes.
The next thing I know, I'm tumbling face first into cold yellow grass, Prim landing on one side, Peeta on the other.
The closest to me - only a few feet away - is a little girl with curly, adorable blond hair and innocent blue eyes.
Next to him stands a girl about his same age, with dark brown eyes and blond hair.
This boy's eyes rake over me hungrily, taking in my tired eyes and my hair, which must look absolutely wild to him.
He wears a suit, just like the hungry-looking boy.
His voice shows none of the desperation in his eyes.
Peeta blinks a few times before answering in a confused voice, "I'm Peeta.
"Artemis?" he asks, his voice surprisingly concerned and gentle for his size.
XD I'd like to know what you guys think, so please review.
Sorry, everyone, but this story, despite how much I love it, would end up dragging on and on, going nowhere for a long time, with essentially the same thing happening in every chapter, albeit with new additions.
I'm not taking this story down, however, I'm leaving it up for you all to be able to go back and look at it if you want.
Anyway, each of these little (not really little, but you know what I mean) crossovers will involve two or three of the books/shows/movies each, and allow me to write some of my favorite crossovers while contributing to The Crossover at the end of it all.. "Yo, guys, who wants a bag of the world's best honey-roasted peanuts?" I said, shaking the bag in Iggy's face.
The woman looked at each of our tense, strangely frozen faces, and said in a voice that would have chilled my blood had I been feeling particularly sane at the moment, "There are other children who need to behave.
Angel's mind-reading and controlling abilities came in handy countless times, but at the moment, she felt completely overloaded by the malicious brain of the lady – no, pixie – who was working her own magic on the flock.
As Angel tried to sort out the overwhelming and mind-blowing thoughts, Max sprang up in defense, only to have a look of confusion cross her face when the fairy woman began speaking things that only Angel could see the meaning behind.
All of the stunning pixie's horribly fascinating plans became visible in Angel's mind, and she suddenly knew – if not understood – what the fairy wanted with that suitcase.
Iggy was frowning in a dreamy sort of way, but not following the fairy's orders; he was blind, after all, and Angel knew through mind-reading that the magic only worked through both eye-contact and sound.
Gazzy was shaking his head a bit, but Angel could see that he was walking towards the sleeping kids and the suitcase despite this.
Fang was obviously fighting the magic – Angel didn't need to hear his thoughts to tell.
I managed to move my eyes away from her, and I saw Gazzy walk along the subway ledge toward the four boys and the special suitcase that the tiny nutcase wanted us to retrieve.
Angel glanced up from staring at the lady, looking like she hadn't noticed we were still here.
The strange woman was still pinned down by my boot, but I'd have to get off her and run fast, fast, fast if I was going to make it.Chapter 4: The Enemy of Your Enemy "Let me up," the lady seethed from under my boot, "otherwise you will regret ruining my gorgeous outfit, and you will regret ever disobeying your future queen's command." Thinking of what could come in future months, I bent down so I was inches from her tiny face.
"Angel," I hissed as Iggy joined Fang in holding the crowd back, "can you get a read on those guys back there?" Her mind controlling abilities came in handy many times when scoping out threats.
Angel looked at me.
Fang, Iggy, Nudge, and Gazzy stopped fighting to watch in surprise, backpedaling away from the light's targets.
"Opal," he said, looking down at the woman under my shoe, "we are not concealing any magical devices that could grant someone power in any way.
The boy looked up at me with determined, dark blue eyes.
And anyway, I still didn't know what that old suitcase was for, the one Opal wanted us to steal in the first place, or the answer to any of those other puzzling mysteries.
All of the flock was here, wondering why we stopped – except for Angel.
Gazzy, after searching our group of five frantically, cried, "How did we not see she's not here?" "Oh, I don't know," said Iggy sarcastically.
"Guys," I said slowly, hoping they would come to the same realization, "we've got to go back." No one was happy; that was obvious.
He will." Angel looked at me, then at Opal who was watching this exchange with a haughty expression, and finally, she said, "All right, Max," in a completely angelic voice.
Turning in midair and gripping Angel's arm firmly, I added, "I'm Max. That's all you need to know." In seconds, we were gone – but not before Gazzy let loose one of his infamous explosions of flatulence.
"Yeah," Gazzy said.
"Just 'cause I totally blew up their sense of smell doesn't mean they won't come back." "Well," I said again, taking in their nervous faces, "we still don't know who that lady, Opal, was.
We don't know why she has mind control, or why she wanted us to steal a suitcase." "That wasn't mind control," Nudge piped up.
It was more like Opal was charming us, y'know?" She looked at each of us.
Then: "Yeah, I think Nudge is right," Iggy said slowly.
Just when the city appeared to be thinning into the outskirts, Fang said quietly, "That's far enough." I motioned Gazzy, Nudge, and Angel into the closest alleyway.
"We just…." He looked like he didn't know how to continue in a non-incriminating way.
Besides," he said, looking at each of us, "we can't leave you alone until we know that you won't go spilling what happened in the tunnels all over the Internet." "Why?" I asked, narrowing my eyes.
The boy had said something odd – "humans." I knew the flock had heard it, too.
Finally, one said, "Follow us." I opened my mouth to argue, but Fang stopped me.
"Coming?" one of the boys asked, clearly eager to see what my wings looked like.
The flock hesitated, and I saw Nudge and Gazzy glance at each other.
"We're not going inside a magic house," I said.
Absolutely not." Turning big blue eyes on me, Angel spoke for the first time since the subway tunnels, apparently done sulking.
"Glad to see you've finally decided to join us." The dark blue-eyed boy glanced up from his seat in one of the plush chairs.
"It is terribly hard for younger kids to digest the information we will tell you." He didn't even glance at Angel, Gazzy, or Nudge.
I clenched my fists but replied, "Only if the flock stays in the house." The boy nodded and gestured to the only other door in the room.
"Do you want to know what is in the suitcase?" "Yes," I said, "and also why it's so important." "Okay," he said.
"We have combined what we know about time travel – yes, it is real – so that we may be able to reverse terrible things in time." He looked hard at me.
"Time travel," I said at last.
"What I would do for that." "Exactly," said the boy.
"Your… ah… leader has gone out to think," the blue-eyed guy said from the doorway.
"Angel –" Gazzy began, but then he noticed everyone looking at him.
Including the guy who had talked to Max. Apparently Gazzy's and Angel's mental chat had shown on their faces.
The tallest said, "You listened at the door." Fang didn't comment.
Chapter 10: What Turns Time I was going to talk with the flock, but first I decided to clear my head and get some air.
"There's this thing that they showed us, and guess what it looks like?" She probably would've said more, except the dark-haired guy, still by the door, interjected, "We have more matters to discuss." I rounded on him.
In the corner of my eye, I saw the three other boys, the rest of the Time Association, gaping from the stairs.
A silence followed with the boys and the flock staring at me.
"And it seems the only way to get them is to give them." "Thank you," said the blue-eyed boy, ignoring the tension.
"Max," Gazzy said suddenly, remembering his excitement from before.
"These guys showed us something pretty cool." I wasn't in the mood, but Nudge continued for him, "It was like that thing from Harry Potter, you know, the spinning one?
"So what's that time machine thing?" "Um," said one of the guys, "that's it." I blinked.
It's that." "But… isn't the thing from Harry Potter a time machine too?" I knew what it meant, somewhere in my mind, but it was too fantastical to even imagine.
Like I'm supposed to believe that," I said.
You're kidding, right?" Gazzy said.
It looked like a gyroscope (I only know what one of those is because Gazzy and Iggy used it for a bomb once) with an hourglass embedded in the center.
"Naturally, we have dozens of spells and magic protecting it from anyone else," commented the boy casually, catching the look in my eye.
But as I said...
He looked at me, and I could tell from his dark eyes that he wanted to chat.
"Excuse me, but I think I will step out for a bit." They shrugged, and the turquoise-eyed boy said, "Have fun." I led Fang out the door.
If you're asking if the conversation really happened, I'm pretty sure." "Max. You know that it's crazy." His dark eyes bored into mine.
"They eat like horses," the supposed Harry Potter said, grinning.
"Sorry," said Nudge meekly, shaking the sleep from her eyes.
"Wow," said the brown-eyed boy from the attached kitchen.
You want to know the other boys' names, Angel said in my mind.
He was in the kitchen, speaking to "Harry Potter." Angel sighed aloud, drawing a glance from the flock around her.
But what about the boy with the dark blue eyes?
Angel was about to answer, but at that moment, the topic of our mental conversation said, "I do believe it is time to set up the rooms." He motioned to the one called Jacob.
"But, guys," said Gazzy, "so much has happened so far.
Why should this make less sense?" I stared at him, and then at Angel, who was wearing an I-told-you-so look on her innocent face.
"I'm writing." "A super-secret document on time travel?" He looked at me like I was bonkers.
"Same," said Harry Potter.
"Huh?" This was said by everyone in the flock in perfect unison, a real Kodak moment.
"I think we should," Angel said softly, looking down.
"If it pleases you, then we will go out to eat," said the blue-eyed one.
The others smiled, and Percy said, "I know a way to get you to eat one." The boy gave him a flat look.
Turning to Harry, Percy, Jacob, and the one who remained nameless, I said casually, "Ever wonder about that stink bomb back in the subway tunnel?" They glanced at each other.
If one of the flock said their name by accident, they would want to know how we knew.
"I would have thought that you would know not to sneak around, Maximum." It took me almost a second to realize what he'd said.
"Wait – how do you know my name?" He glanced at the ceiling in an eye-roll sort of way.
Glancing at the dark end of the room, I said to Harry, "Explain.
"I think I believe that you're Harry Potter now." "Took you long enough," he said, launching himself across the room.
We've got to… I don't know… do something!" "Max?" Nudge looked at me with wide eyes.
"Max!" I didn't know who cried out, but, leaving Angel on a chair, I rammed into the Dementor with all the force I had.
I remember, you don't like having food from other people –" "It's okay," I said, surprising myself.
"Where's Angel?" "She's over there," said Fang, motioning with his head.
I wonder if Hermione Granger is real, too!" Seeing Harry avoid my gaze, I replied, "Now's not the time for that." The flock, gathering around, sat on the rug while I faced the Time Association.
"Will you tell me your name now?" I asked the blue-eyed boy.
"Well said.
"What sort of part did each of you have in creating it?" "I used wizard magic," said Harry, "and the Time Turner." I assumed this was the name of the device.
"I know someone who can manipulate time," Jacob said.
"Angel?" I said worriedly.
Let's go." Fang was out the magical door first, followed by Nudge, then Iggy, Gazzy, and finally Angel.
I had to rub my eyes a few times; one had flames in her hands, the next had a wand raised as well – probably Hermione Granger (wow, I really was insane now) – and the last, a grey-eyed girl with a dagger in her hand, just stood there, as though she was about to say something.
As the flock rounded the corner and I made to face forward again, I saw them go inside the magical apartment, and the door disappear into the brick alley wall once again.