Welcome to And The Stars Walked Backward! :) Before we get started, here are some general notes: * FIRST: WARNING: gender-bent, cliche, artistic liberties, bending-the-rules, etc etc. If you can't handle that things may not follow canon rules, then perhaps this story isn't for you :)  * Follows the Twilight timeline as if it were 2005 * Harry Potter characters' birthdays are moved up 8 years (1988 instead of 1980) * Because I wrote this just-for-funsies, technology and references are as if the story were set in present day (sorry!) * When I was writing this, I didn't really know where it was going, which may be reflected in the way I add things in and forget to tie them off for many chapters. * I wrote the first 22 chapters in a month, and then took a year break. The writing style and flow is probably janky because of that.  Fun Notes: * As of posting this, there are 39 chapters written for a total of 210,000 words. And I'm still writing it.  * My main posting site is AO3, which already has 13 chapters up. * This is a drama that I wrote for my own amusement, hence why there are 39 chapters and 210,000 words and I haven't posted it. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter or Twilight, or any other recognizable concepts within.  That was the thing about secrets—you had to carry them with you forever, no matter what the cost.  —Kass Morgan In a shocking turn of events, it was raining in Port Angeles. From where she was peering miserably out of the window, she could smell it—rain and grass and petrichor. (No matter her misery, she couldn't say it was an entirely unpleasant smell.) She was sat atop one of her few suitcases, watching the downpour with the thought that eventually I and my belongings are going to be adventuring out into that. She drowned her misery in a swallow of too-sweet lemonade, reminding herself that she chose this. Nobody was forcing her to be here. Nothing but her own fantasies and morals were forcing her to be here. The roar of a plane engine above snapped her out of her pity party and she watched a jet come in for landing. She could barely make out the flashing lights of the men guiding it into position. Airports were unpleasant. They smelled weird, there were too many people, and no matter how many times she reminded herself she hadn't done anything wrong, the presence of police and border control made her nervous. It wasn't that she was threatening—she had to choke back a laugh at that thought. She was all of five-foot-three and skinny, slight of form, with wide eyes and a baby face. No stranger looked at her and thought, "Ah, yes, this one's going to be trouble." (Rather, most people asked her where her parents were and if she was an unaccompanied minor. Possibly even more annoying.) There was a momentary gap in the downpour, the lack of rain making the airport sound suddenly too quiet. Rivulets of leftover water ran down the windows until all that was left were droplets, racing each other down. Her lips quirked up in a bit of a grin. As if in answer to her unspoken prayers, a slightly out of date police cruiser pulled into the arrivals lane. "FORKS POLICE" was printed down the side in a font that probably hadn't been updated since the seventies. Ah, her knight in shining armor—she hopped off her perch, stretching her aching legs. She had sat in that position for so long that there were red marks on her bare thighs in the texture of her suitcase. Forks Chief of Police, Charlie Swan, exited his cruiser and looked about for a second before entering the building. By this time, the slight girl had already pulled her knapsack over her shoulder, zipped up her waterproof parka over her lacy dress, and pulled the handles of her suitcase up. You could say she was a little ready to get home. Ah, but make no mistake—she knew there were pleasantries to be had first. Just as she would have recognized him, police garb or no, she could tell that he immediately knew her face. He hadn't seen her since she was barely two, but they were drawn together. A brisk grin stole over Charlie's face, twitching his brown mustache. "Hattie!" he bellowed, swallowing her up in a hug. She tensed at first and then melted, not used to the feeling. "Uncle Charlie, hi," she said, a little breathlessly. Charlie gripped her shoulders, pushing her backwards and looking her up and down. She wasn't much to look at. Aunt Petunia called her a late bloomer—though she was nearing seventeen now, she barely had any curves. Her chest was under-developed, swallowed by the parka. But when Charlie's eyes lit back upon her face, he smiled at her like she was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. His eyes misted over a little bit and he seemed to barely resist pulling her back in. "You look just like your mom," he said. Charlie's voice was thick with emotion. Hattie felt a little guilty—she knew that being here hurt Charlie a little bit. After all, it meant her parents were truly gone. But she also thought perhaps her presence was an opportunity for Charlie to allow himself to actually grieve. "My mum was a redhead," Hattie protested, giving a short laugh. It was a hollow protest, even if it were true. She looked like a Potter: delicate—if not aristocratic—nose, wide eyes, strong jaw line, wild black hair. Only her abnormally green eyes and large, puffy lips were her mother's. "Yeah, she was," Charlie agreed. He put his thumb on her chin, and then smiled. "But you remind me so much of her." He took his hat off and swiped at his face, swallowing thickly and nodding once. Hattie toed at the ground, her flats scuffing a little on the floor. She would allow him all the time he needed to accustom to her presence and grieve. "Alright," he said, reaching out for her bags. "Gimme those, let's get you into the car. You look beautiful by the way. Tuney's work, I'll bet. She always was a bit theatrical." Hattie gave a short laugh, not used to people insulting her prim-and-proper Aunt. Though they weren't close (far from it, really) and Petunia didn't really like Hattie, she'd always insisted Hattie present herself properly. Thus, when the young girl had gotten around for her long days of travel, Petunia had laid out outfits for her. Mostly impractical. Like the flats. Pretty to look at, not very nice for walking around in the rain with. "I'd like to see her face if she could hear you right now," Hattie said, instead of answering. Charlie took the two large suitcases, leaving Hattie with her knapsack and the smaller suitcase. She followed him to the cruiser, watched him shuffle some things around, and finally they packed her things away. Then Charlie opened her door and helped her in like a gentleman, making her blush lightly. "See you got the family genes just like all the rest 'a us," Charlie chuckled, twisting the keys in the ignition and pulling out carefully. "Nice to see some family resemblance." -x- Mostly they chatted quietly on the way home. By the time they left Port Angeles and got on the highway, it was already dark, and Hattie had been travelling for nearly 48 hours. She couldn't keep her eyes off the stars though—living near the city as she did, she didn't get to see them like this much. The clouds had rolled off and though the pavement was wet, the sky was clear, and the stars were brighter than she'd ever imagined. She could see the constellations Professor had taught her about; Cassiopeia, Draco, Cepheus, Gemini, Orion and more she couldn't name. Astronomy had never been her strongest suit. Charlie was interested in hearing her entire backstory. What led her here—even though they'd spoken of it over the phone multiple times during the process. It was so bizarre, going from thousands of miles away to sitting next to her estranged uncle, chatting about her childhood. She didn't say much about Vernon or Dudley. They weren't pleasant people. She had the few odd scars to prove it, and she didn't want to spoil the picture Charlie had of them in his brain. Likewise, she had few nice words about Petunia—her aunt was a nasty, gossiping woman. Hattie whole-heartedly believed that had she been a boy, Petunia would have treated her just as awfully as Vernon did. But she wasn't a boy. Instead, she was taught her womanly duties. She did household chores. Scrubbed floors on her hands and knees for five hours straight. Gardened, cooked. Sat to be groomed, plucked, shaved, waxed to perfection. Shoved into pretty dresses and taken to tea where she was not allowed to speak unless spoken to. Then, because of all the housework and yardwork she was forced into doing, she was calloused and needed to have her hands softened. Still, her being a somewhat pretty young woman saved her from Vernon's hands. Her uncle would get a tongue lashing if he left too many marks on her body. A smack here, a shove there—fine—but he took the belt to her once and she never seen him so sorry when Petunia got done with him. It was all because of magic, of course. Another thing she didn't mention in her retelling of her childhood. Her aunt hated magic, but when Severus Snape (Professor, she called him) arrived at her doorstep when Hattie was five, Petunia had little choice in the matter. Magic made Hattie unruly, and Petunia hated unruliness more than she hated magic. Professor educated her in magic for eleven years. Sometimes there would be others—a supplementary tutor, when herProfessor didn't have the necessary knowledge. But primarily he was her Professor, and he did well by her. Even if he was a snarky git. She obtained her NEWTs this past year (which in itself contained numerous complications), but she couldn't start a Mastery until she was seventeen, and until there was someone willing to risk their life to teach her. So, Hattie needed to continue on her path, figure out what was next. Forks, Washington was what was next. Not only did Charlie live there (a fact that Professor had briskly informed her of), but it was nearby the Quileute Reservation. La Push. Home of Quileute tribe, which legend had it, descended from wolves. It was all pure coincidence. In fact, Hattie hadn't even known she'd had an Uncle Charlie until Professor told her so. And for him to live so close to the Quileute tribe—well, it was like fate. Her mastery would be in defensive magics and healing, but her true interest had always been human-animal transfiguration: animagi. And she figured that the Quileute legends might have some information for her, since there were few known teachers of the profession. Becoming an animagus was an unnecessary frivolity that many wouldn't be awarded, but Hattie just knew the magic would come easy to her—and she had to stay out of the way, anyways, so she might as well be doing something useful. This was of course her story for Charlie, too. First, she wanted to meet him—desperately, she wanted to. Like she'd never wanted anything in her life. Hattie craved a family, fantasized about a loving home. Professor had been good to her, but he had never been warm. He cared for her well-being, but Hattie held no illusions that he loved her. It was what she wanted more than anything. Secondly, she told him that she was very interested in myths and legends, which were rife in this area of Washington. Charlie hadn't thought that was a very good reason to uproot herself ("There's that internet now, after all!") but when she explained it was an education thing, for a thesis-like project, he'd given in. A very distant last reason was the want to get away from Petunia and Vernon Dursley. She could've survived there for the next year and a half until she turned eighteen, but she just didn't want to anymore…not if there was another option. So she'd reached out to Charlie, opened the communication. In a month she was applying for a visa. A little more time passed and she was saying goodbye to Professor, packing up her belongings, and leaving behind Little Whinging. Hattie smiled to herself as she watched the stars go by. She told Charlie all about her Professor, who taught her everything she knew. She told him of warm summer days in the library, spending more time with teachers than with kids her own age, just how she'd liked it. But she said the bare minimum about the Dursleys—and if Charlie noticed, he didn't say anything. —x— "Hattie, wake up hun, we're home." She unstuck her cheek from the window, heavy with the kind of grogginess you get when you've just come out of a great, much needed nap. Hattie stretched her body, working out the kinks, and took in the great expanse before her. Her new home was a two-story house and a garage with a loft, looking cozy and quaint. The driveway was a bit busted up she could see, and there was a winding gravel path up to the front porch, though the driveway itself narrowed to a point between the garage and the house. Overgrown grass and plants lived in the flowerbeds. The house was a little shabby—a little too much dirt on the exterior, a few too many loose shingles. The picket fence around the flower beds was more gray than white. The mail box was crooked and the flag hung loose. Her Aunt would have hated it. Hattie grinned widely. It was perfect. "I love this place," she exhaled, taking a great breath of fresh air as she stepped out of the car. There was the smell of wet grass and pavement, and trees—so many trees. The house bordered on a forest. "I love it." Charlie was the one blushing now, scratching his neck. "Ah, you know. 'S not much, but it's home." They headed inside, Charlie showing her around the small house as they went. The worn furniture looked so inviting that Hattie debated just curling up on the couch and sleeping there, but Charlie was already ushering her up the stairs. There were three rooms at the top of the stairs: Charlie's, a bathroom, and the one Hattie would be staying in for now. Her uncle brought her things into the room and patted her shoulder, leaving her alone for the night. Hattie was dead tired, but she rifled through her suitcase looking for night things. In the morning she would do a little unpacking and a little looking around—this room belonged to Charlie's kids and it wasn't entirely empty. She could see a picture of them on the wall and was curious to snoop a little…but that would wait until she'd had some rest. The twins' bunkbeds had been removed and replaced with a regular full-sized mattress, turned down with a blue bed set. She snuggled into it, listening to the wind and the rain as she fell asleep. Hattie slept better than she had in months. —x— "G'mornin' Hattie," Charlie called, already headed toward the coffee pot in the kitchen. Hattie was curled in one of the mismatched dining chairs, one hand resting idly on her mug and the other holding open her novel. "Been up long?" Hattie glanced up and smiled. "Not too long. I was pretty tired. I made some breakfast—it's still in the skillet, probably still warm." He gave her an appraising look and lifted the lid of the skillet. Hattie continued smiling as she went back to her novel, sipping her coffee. The smell of eggs scrambled with peppers and cheese (the only foods that had occupied the fridge) wafted over to her as he helped himself. Charlie sat across from her, digging into his food like a starved wolf. "I almost never get home cooking," Charlie groused, once it was gone. "What're you reading?" Hattie hemmed, marking her page and closing the novel. "Just a novel," she told him, sitting up straighter and uncurling her legs. "What're the plans for the day?" He took a drag from his mug, which, like hers, was pretty milky. When he clinked it back onto the table, staring off into the distance, he finally answered. "I have to go into work for a bit, but if you need anything I can leave money for a cab." Hattie drummed her fingers on the table. It must be weird for Charlie to suddenly share his home with someone, and a teenage someone at that. It had been so long since anyone had lived with him with any sort of permanency. Of course he wouldn't be used to hanging around the house. Instead of sharing her thoughts, she gave him a bashful grin. "No need, I think I'll just spend the day settling in. I want to do some unpacking and maybe I'll take a walk if the weather holds out." Charlie seemed put-off by the thought of her heading into town by herself. "We need to get you set up with a phone before long, that way if you get into trouble you can call someone. Probably a couple other things we should do—get your license, get your transcripts for school, all 'a that. I guess that can wait for you to get settled though." He heaved himself up from the table and put his dish in the sink. Before heading off to work he wrote her out a list of phone numbers ("This one's my cell phone, here's my work phone, this is the house number. If you can't get a hold of me here's Billy Black's number, I should take you out to meet him 'n his son, you'd like 'em. Oh, and here's the number for Harry Clearwater…") and told her to be careful if she went out. It was a sentiment she was used to—people looked at Hattie and saw a girl much younger than she actually was, much more delicate, and tended to worry. Nevertheless, she agreed she'd be careful. Charlie smiled at her and ruffled her hair as he left, still buckling his gun holster onto his belt. After he left, Hattie washed up the dishes and cleaned up the kitchen a little. When she had finished, she went back up to the room she was borrowing. Her suitcases were pushed into a corner, out of the way. As she opened the curtains and took in the room, she smiled fondly. It didn't really look lived in—there was, of course, the unmade bed, but that was her personal touch. The desk in the corner had an ancient computer on it, the phone line running to it was stapled to the wall. The desk and its drawers were empty, but the dresser had a couple of picture frames on it and some knickknacks in the drawers. There was a picture of three small children: two boys and a girl. The boys were opposites, one pale with brown hair and blue eyes, skinny save for that chubby baby look a lot of kids have. This must be Beaufort, Hattie's cousin. The other boy was brown—his russet skin was more than just sun-kissed, and she assumed he must be one of the natives from the nearby tribe. His black hair was overlong and his eyes were darker than Beaufort's, but they sparked with a mischief that made them seem lighter. His body had the wiry toned look of kids used to spending all their time outside. The girl—Hattie's other cousin, Isabella—looked like a female version of her brother. She was perhaps a little taller, but if she cut her hair and the duo donned the same clothes, they'd be close to identical except for the eyes. Her eyes were brown, the same shade as her hair. Isabella looked unhappy, and Hattie had a feeling it had nothing to do with Beaufort's hand mussing her hair. Turning away from the picture frame, Hattie decided she'd snooped enough. It was time to unpack a little bit. She laid out her clothes on the bed, making a list of what clothing items she'd need in the coming months. It had been a pretty mild day yesterday, for early December, but Hattie had a feeling the weather wouldn't last. Even yesterday her thin parka hadn't been enough to keep her warm—she'd need proper winter attire soon. Most of her clothing was the pretty tea dresses her aunt preferred her in. She had oodles of the things, with shoes to match. There were also night things, smart skirts and blouses, underthings. She had one swimming suit (modest, showing just enough skin to be a tad risqué—her aunt wanted Hattie to be envied by all the other neighbors' daughters. After all, that was the entire point of being a dress-up doll), a couple pairs of trousers mostly worn when she was tending the garden, a sun hat. Hidden beneath it all was one pair of workout clothes, one pair of jeans, one t-shirt, one hoodie—all kept very secret from her aunt. After her clothes were out of the way and she had dressed herself for the day, Hattie took the majority of her personal items downstairs with her. In early January, Charlie's kids would be coming to live with them. Their mother had gotten remarried recently and they wanted to give the new couple space. Unfortunately, because Charlie's house was so tiny, that put a little bit of a damper on the living arrangements. Three teenagers simply could not fit in that tiny childhood bedroom. Luckily, Charlie's garage had a loft over it—and he and his buddies had spent the summer renovating it into a sort of apartment. Hattie hadn't seen it yet, but the plan had been for her and Isabella to share the loft, which would have two bedrooms and a bathroom. It was three quick steps from the back door to the side door of the garage, and the overhang from the two buildings' roofs meant Hattie hardly got wet at all. She unlocked the garage and dragged her suitcase up the stairs to the loft, noting the obvious signs of recent cleaning. Upstairs she saw that there was a small entry way to hang coats and umbrellas, where she took her shoes off before venturing to one of the rooms. It wasn't anything super impressive: small, just enough room for the bed, dresser, a bookshelf and a desk. There was a small closet and a large window, and Hattie felt at peace in the room. The other room was the same, though the layout was a little different due to the shape of the loft. Hattie claimed one and stacked her few books and personal items into it, made the bed with the provided bed set, and left to go back to the house. —x— It was evening by the time Charlie came home and Hattie was curled up in the very couch she'd eyed the night before. (It was just as comfortable as she'd imagined it.) Her novel was mostly finished now, and she'd showered and was in her pajamas. Charlie called out to her as he came in the door, stomping his soggy boots on the mat. "Hattie?" "In here, Uncle Charlie," she responded, marking her page. "I was going to cook dinner but there was nothing in the fridge." He came in, having already unbuttoned his work shirt. He was looking around the house with appraising eyes. "You didn't have to clean up," he said gruffly. "Looks good though." She'd spent the day doing some fine detail cleaning just to busy herself. The house wasn't really dirty, just obviously hadn't been deep cleaned in a while: the grout was stained, the glass on the oven had needed to be degreased, the windows were kind of smudgy, the shelves had needed to be dusted. It wasn't a super noticeable cleaning job and Hattie was flattered he noticed. They ate pizza that night, something Hattie learned in the coming weeks that Charlie was very accustomed to doing if she didn't prepare a meal. He promised they'd go to the grocery store soon and told her that he didn't really cook. (She'd already figured that out, of course.) They chatted some, but mostly they just enjoyed each other's presence quietly. Neither of them were inane chatterers, something Hattie was internally grateful for. It was good to be quiet together. Sometimes silence was more comforting than forced conversation. After dinner, Hattie found herself tucked back up in her (borrowed) bed, smiling at the ceiling. She thought perhaps she could come to love Forks. There it is. I'm going to be slowly posting the next several chapters tonight, to catch us up with AO3. If you like it, leave me a review. If you don't...thanks for stopping by!02. His eyes gleamed in a way that suggested staying out of trouble meant staying far, far away from him. —Sarah J. Maas Hattie didn't get to do much exploring her first few days in Forks—she was either busy with Charlie or it was raining. It was a shame, because the too-green forest butted up to their property perfectly. Hattie could spy a narrow walking path from Beaufort's window and it called to her, taunted her to decipher its secrets. But there were things for her to do first. Laden down with papers upon papers stacked in manila envelopes, Hattie spent her second day in Forks at high school. The rundown little office was dreary and looked out over a concrete parking lot full of older cars, bright against the gray skies. Her counselor hardly noticed Hattie's lack of attention. Charlie and Ms. Cope were eking out the details of Hattie's next half of a year. It wasn't often that someone transferred schools cross-country, let alone trans-Atlantic, and as such the school had no formal system for transferring credits. Everything had to be done by hand. The grading scale was completely different between England and the United States, so they were trying not to set her up for failure due to precarious grade points. Hattie had already taken two placement tests for core subjects (one math, one science) and was waiting for the grades to come back, but she'd talked Ms. Cope out of an English placement. Charlie and Ms. Cope were discussing US History (which Hattie knew little about) when Hattie lost herself staring out into the parking lot. Class must have just let out. Students swarmed from one classroom to the next in rubber rain coats and umbrellas. She watched them laugh and push each other around, watched as one unlucky teen's notebook fell into a puddle. One girl carried a camera as big as she was, another boy was lugging an instrument case to-and-fro. In particular one group caught Hattie's eye—they were congregated together, not talking, walking slowly between the buildings. It was like in a movie, in the opening scene when you can clearly pinpoint the main character because they are better lit or more in focus or just more vibrant than all the faceless characters around them. These teens were beautiful, and well dressed, but pale like corpses. Her eyes were flickering between them, three girls and three boys, impossibly beautiful, when one of them glanced up. He seemed to be staring directly at her through the half-open blinds, but that was impossible. Hattie couldn't see his eyes from here, but his hair glinted a coppery brunette—she'd never seen anything like it, except for on the small girl next to him. Her breath was nearly knocked out of her system as said girl glanced up as well. Luckily, Hattie was spared from the beautiful girl's gaze as Ms. Cope snapped her to attention. "Heather? What do you think about this?" Hattie's head jerked up and she sat straighter, blinking. Great, she'd been caught lost in her own little world. "I'm sorry, Ms. Cope—I got distracted." The heavy-set woman nodded understandingly. "I know, we've been here a long time. We were discussing placing you in the correct history class for your grade level. You have enough history credits from your previous school that it would be a shame to set you back, and if you find yourself struggling we can provide tutors." Relief settled in Hattie's veins. "Yes, that sounds amazing." History had been her least favorite subject—both in muggle school and magical. Not having to repeat extra history courses was news that could easily make her day. "Perfect," Ms. Cope said approvingly. "We're just waiting on the math and science scores, and then our core subjects are covered. Now then, onto electives. Physical education is required for every class, but you still have an empty slot to fill. Colleges recommend two years of a foreign language, but it seems you have a satisfactory Latin credit—impressive. We don't offer that here, but would you like to take Spanish?" Hattie shook her head, brushing her hair out of her face. "It'd probably be more useful than a dead language, but I think I'll skip that." She glanced out the window hesitantly as Ms. Cope spoke more about the other electives—which, depending upon the hour block she had available, may or may not be accepting students. A secretary came in at some point with Hattie's scores, which were as she had expected (high for science, average for math). She was placed in Biology and Algebra II, which made her scowl a little, but she could get on with it. Thus, her choice of electives was narrowed: art, choir, or home economics. Everything else was full. Hattie scowled harder, trying to figure out which she'd enjoy more. Art could be fun, but she wasn't that great at it—singing was out of the question, she had the tone of a cat who'd been tossed in water. And she'd ace home economics, it was something she'd been practicing since a child. "Hattie's really good at homemaking," Charlie commented, the first he'd spoken in a while. He seemed keen to let Hattie make her own decisions, and he rolled with it in the background. "Cooking, cleaning, gardening—she's a pro." Ms. Cope hemmed a little. "Well the objective for electives is learning and becoming better at a skill—Heather, if you don't feel home economics has anything left to offer you, perhaps you should choose one of the others." Hattie's resolve wavered. She was going to pick home economics for the easy, assured A, but now she felt that Ms. Cope was on to her. Art it was, then. She crossed her fingers she'd made the right choice. —x— The next errand was driving lessons, which Charlie insisted on. It was a few days later, but Hattie hadn't been able to get out of the house due to chronic rain and lack of transportation. With Charlie working so much, Hattie would need to figure out how to get back and forth to school most days. Normally she would just walk, but given it rained the majority of the time in Forks, Charlie didn't feel that was an appropriate course of action. She also suspected he was feeling protective of her due to her appearance. He found Hattie an instructor in town willing to do extended lessons, who happened to owe Charlie a favor. (Apparently, being the Chief of Police has some perks.) The man, Mr. Newton, offered Hattie driving lessons at 75% off. Now, Hattie wasn't broke by any means—her parents, Lily and James Potter, had been pretty well off before their death. They'd left her a large account she could access anytime she wanted to and an even larger family account she'd inherit at twenty-one, plus whatever was left in their Gringotts accounts. As a kid, Professor had tutored her on accounting and monetary assets and even business etiquette, even though her family's business revenue was at a stand-still due to the war. She guessed Professor had big dreams to see the end of the war before Hattie reached adulthood. But Charlie, even knowing that Hattie had money, refused to hear of her paying for it. "It's a necessity," he said, gruff and a bit embarrassed. "I'm your guardian, and I wouldn't make my own kids pay for their necessities, so I'm not gonna make you." Hattie couldn't argue with that, and didn't really want to—it made her too warm inside. So, she put away her wallet and let Charlie pay for the classes. Her instructor, Mr. Newton, was nice enough. Blond hair, blue eyes, chipper—he owned a sporting goods store outside of town. While she drove, at first through parking lots, then back roads, and eventually on the highway, they chatted about the hiking trails in the area. Mr. Newton knew all the best ones, he claimed, and even advised her to stop by his store before going on her first trip. "My son, Mike—he's about your age—he'd be willing to take you out if you wanted. You can borrow some gear from the store, too, if you need." Hattie drove his minivan during these lessons, and they drove for hours. On and off the highway, in circles, practicing left turns and parallel parking. Driving was terrifying for her. Though she'd never done it back in England, driving in what would be the oncoming lane was horrifying. But, slowly, she got better. Even the icy weather couldn't slow her down. "And, really, you know—learning to drive in the snow is the best. That's how I taught my kids. You learn to drive in bad weather, you can drive in any weather," Mr. Newton was jabbering. Hattie thought that he'd become rather fond of her over the days they spent trapped together. In the meantime, as Hattie got more confidence driving, she and Charlie began looking at cars. This was an exciting prospect that Hattie hadn't even considered. She test-drove fancy cars, raggedy cars, rusty cars, shiny cars—she test drove one whose seatbelts were mangled, one with no airbags. Charlie tried to convince her to just buy his buddy Billy's old truck, but it had been new in the 50s or 60s and she was, admittedly, being picky. —x— That first weekend, Charlie invited her fishing. He had been packing his gear when he suddenly stopped and looked at her, like he was seeing her for the first time. "You wouldn't wanna come with us, would you?" he asked, a bit awkwardly. "You haven't met the boys yet. Won't be too interesting, but Billy's gotta son your age, so at least you'd have company." Hattie stopped where she'd been packing his lunch (a chore she delegated to herself when she found out he ate exclusively at diners or fast food joints), looking at him curiously. Charlie fished with "the boys" (aka Harry Clearwater and Billy Black) every weekend, from what she gathered. Hattie had never been fishing, and though she was pretty sure she wouldn't enjoy the experience, she was interested anyways. Even if she wasn't, Charlie was reaching out to her, a fact that warmed her a little from the inside out. The warmth didn't last long once she found herself on the ocean in the middle of winter. Hattie shivered as she watched the men load Billy up onto the boat. Even wheelchair-bound, he was a tall, imposing man, with more hair than most women. He wore it pulled back at the nape of his neck, the tail sticking out under his winter cap. He radiated with a wild sort of energy that made Hattie simultaneously nervous and excitably restless. When they met, Billy looked her up and down and asked Charlie if he fed her. He didn't smile at her (he didn't really seem the type), and there was a glint in his eyes that somehow hinted he knew all her secrets. It made her heartbeat quicken. Though the situations were completely different, she remembered the bronze-haired boy from the school, looking up and meeting her gaze from across the parking lot. Curious. Harry, on the other hand, was a riot—and he didn't have such an off-putting aura about him. His was calmer, almost mellow, but she could that there was a wild streak within him. He was a little older than Charlie and Billy and the spark in his eyes ousted him as a bit of a prankster. He didn't pay Hattie much attention except to nudge Billy's son, Jacob, and tell him "She's quite the looker, son." Charlie had chased him around with Billy (in his wheelchair) at that proclamation, nearly knocking him off the dock. And then there was Jacob. Jacob turned out to be a handsome, well-built teenager, all sweet smiles and chin dimples. His hair was longer like Billy's, but blowing free in the wind. His muscles were well-defined for a kid his age, and she blushed when he grinned a toothy, very white grin at her. He was nearing seventeen, like Hattie, but he was tall, surpassing already Charlie's five foot eleven inches. This made her look like a dwarf compared to him, of course. He had an impish, mischievous nature about him—and he, too, exuded a wild, restless sort of energy. He messed about with the men and really didn't seem that interested in fishing, which made Hattie wonder why he came. After Charlie and Harry had gotten Billy settled aboard, they loaded the fishing gear up. Jacob boarded the boat, looking as if he'd done it a million times before (knowing Billy and Charlie, he probably had), then offered Hattie a hand up. The duo sat together in the back of the boat, watching the older men horse around like children. Jacob seemed extra diligent about watching his dad, something Hattie could admire. He gave indulgent grins when his dad barked out huge, whooping laughs as they sped out to sea. They didn't go too far—the waves were rough, canting their boat back and forth—but when they cut the engine off, the shore was miles behind them. The men wasted little time casting their lines out, their voices dropping low and all shenanigans quieting as quickly as they'd started. Hattie settled in with the intention of reading the book she'd brought with her, trying to tune out the rocking of the boat. It didn't quite make her nauseous, she'd had worse, but it wasn't entirely pleasant either. However, before she could open her novel, Charlie pulled her up. "Thought you were fishing?" he chuckled. Hattie internally groaned, and Jacob, who had been lounging backward like the rocking boat was his personal soother, perked up. "I don't know, I've never fished before," she dallied, not quite looking at Charlie. "That's called 'learning', honey," Harry called from near the bow. Thus, as Charlie set his pole up in a special hook, Hattie no longer had an out. He fished out a second pole for her, this one obviously meant for someone smaller than she was, and began showing her the ropes. (All puns intended, she thought dryly.) She didn't really get the hang of it—especially not with gloves on, the wind burning her face. Casting was easy enough, but reeling not so much. Her gloves were too slippery. The one bite she got, she couldn't reel in, and Charlie was so excited he nearly went overboard trying to help her. They ended up getting it, a huge fish in her opinion, but Hattie was too squeamish to unhook it and made Charlie do it. Jacob was laughing quietly at her, but the men were all pretty impressed and even clicked a picture of her with it. (Charlie was also in the picture, because Hattie refused to hold the fish.) After that, she left the fishing to the boys and curled up to try and stay out of the cold air. If only she could cast a warming charm… "Good first catch," a voice near her ear murmured. Hattie jumped at the electric feeling that coursed through her body when Jacob's breath ghosted over her cheek. "But I take it fishing's not for you?" She snorted. "Yeah, I don't even know if I'll be able to cook that fish." Jacob was still lounging, seeming to enjoy the ride more than the activity. When she spoke, though, his face was canted towards hers, lips quirked. His eyes seemed to dart over her face and lips, like he hadn't seen anything quite like her before. It set something afire in her belly, and she looked away from him, cheeks pink—and she was totally blaming it on the wind. "What?" she asked him, maybe a bit sharper than intended. "I like your accent," he told her. She turned her head back toward him again. "I like yours," Hattie retaliated. He didn't have the heavy, slow accent that Billy or Harry did, but she could detect hints of it in his voice still—the way he rounded his words was different from other Americans. She knew it was the tribe's influence. Jacob's grin lit up his face again, and Hattie was again struck by just how white his teeth were. It made her feel self-conscious. "I don't have an accent," he protested. "But you're like Mary Poppins." Hattie gave him a dry look. "I'm sorry I'm a little bit posh, perhaps a few too many tea parties as a child." Jacob's uproarious laughter caused Harry to chuck something at him, whilst the other men shushed him for "scaring the fish". By the afternoon, even the men had grown louder. The fish just weren't biting, it seemed. They chatted about their kids. Harry's daughter had gone through a nasty breakup and was still moping about. Billy insisted that it was better than his daughters (one of whom had run off to university eight hours away, the other of which was married and living in Hawaii—they were barely two years older than Hattie). "I don't think Bella's ever had a boyfriend," Charlie quipped. "Thank god for small mercies, eh boys?" "Got two girls to worry 'bout now, Charlie," Harry roared, looking at Hattie and Jacob curled up in the stern. Nobody else seemed to notice them, though, and Charlie groused about how Hattie was a good girl and he didn't have to worry about anything like that from her. Then, just like that, the conversation came around to her. Harry insisted she meet his kids—which Hattie wasn't necessarily opposed to. She was just a little shy, and not naturally gifted at conversing with others her own age. She was much better smoothing down Charlie's lapels and making sure his trousers were ironed than she was making small talk with teenagers. Conditioning, she wondered, or nature? Nevertheless, Jacob had proven to be a happy surprise—they spent nearly the entire fishing trip in the stern, sharing Hattie's novel, while the men swore about their bad luck. When the wind nipped their cheeks one too many times, they hunkered down on the ground, using the sides of the boat as cover. Privately, Hattie thought the fishing trip was more an excuse to get out of the house and crack open a cold one than it was to catch fish. The weather was too poor to have expected much, after all. As the engine hummed to life, cutting the water, Hattie smiled. It wasn't necessarily an experience she'd want to relive, but she was glad she'd done it—even if she wasn't looking forward to cooking the fish she'd caught. After they got back to the shore and docked, Jacob and Hattie watched as the men heaved Billy out of the boat. He was tall, and clearly heavy—with one arm wrapped around either man's neck, he looked regal, like a king on his throne. Harry grunted and joked that maybe he needed to lay off the fried fish. As they walked back to Billy's house once Harry had taken off, Charlie wrapped his arm around Hattie and smiled down at her. "Thanks for coming out with me today, kiddo," he murmured. Jacob and Billy were arguing loudly in front of them about the best way to prepare their catch. "Bella 'n Beau used to kick up the biggest fuss when I made 'em come." Hattie burrowed into Charlie's side, feeling warm even with the biting wind. —x— Ah, scratch that. Billy ushered her inside once they arrived at the small red house, calling out, "Jacob! Get her warmed up, son!" as he wheeled himself up the ramp. Charlie followed him up, watching her amusedly as she shivered. Jacob helped her inside, one hand hovering behind the small of her back. "Chilly?" he asked cheerfully, already stripping himself of his layers. The inside of the house was toasty already, but he cranked up the heat. She followed him around like a puppy as he prepared a fire, pulling her gloves and coat off as she went. Soon she found herself under a blanket, snuggled into the couch. Jacob plopped down next to her, offering her the TV remote, but she didn't want to remove her hands from under the blankets. He flipped through the channels idly as they listened to Billy coach Charlie on how to prepare the fish for dinner. The TV was one of those old tube-style ones and the reception wasn't the best, but eventually Jacob found a movie for them to watch. One minute they were laughing at something one of the cheesy actors said, the next she was being jostled from her position on the couch, still mostly asleep. "Want me to take her to the car, Charlie?" a voice was murmuring. "She looks awful peaceful doesn't she," Charlie's familiar voice hemmed. "I dunno Jake, I don't want you to hurt yourself." Her blankets were moved aside and there were hands on her, but she couldn't be bothered to rouse herself further. Someone lifted her, cradling her like a baby, and then she was being carried. "It's no problem, Charlie. Really! She's light as a feather." —x— She dreamed that night of a bronze-haired pair, a boy and a girl. They were in the forest behind her house, light filtering down upon them, and she was standing further away, watching. At once, both of their heads snapped up, eerily in sync. They were looking behind her, and she turned, but there was nothing. When she turned back, the bronze twins were gone, replaced by Jacob. Hattie reached out for him, but the further she reached the further he was, and then the image rippled as if she'd just broken the surface of a still pond. The image change to her reflection, but she looked lifeless, harried. Her under-eyes were dark, like bruises, and her cheeks sallow—she looked like a corpse. Angry at the reminder of how she used to live, she lashed out at the image and it changed again. There she was—no…there he was. Not much taller than she was now, with short, wild black hair and green eyes. Glasses perched on the edge of his nose, and he held himself up confidently—how she walked now, knowing she was strong, knowing all that she had overcome. But his shoulders were tense, and his eyes pained, like everything from his past had scarred him. It was her, but it wasn't. He was wearing wizard's robes, which had fallen out of style a decade ago, and a gold and red tie with a House Gryffindor sigil on it—but Hogwarts had been overrun in the 80s by a Dark Wizard. Ever since then any school that got too big was attacked, too. Hattie angrily splashed the image away, but it didn't disappear this time. The boy's features rippled and changed into hers, hair growing slowly, glasses fading away. The forest's unnerving silence gave way to a soft whispering and it was only when her reflection smirked that Hattie realized the trees were saying her name. "Heather Henrietta," they whispered. "Heather Henrietta." —x— She woke in her bed, early morning light shining through her window's open curtains. Her heart was pounding. Her dream left her feeling panicky and anxious, and she couldn't get the image of her sallow, corpse-like face out of her mind. It's how she'd always felt living with the Dursleys—like a dead girl walking. Like one day she wouldn't perform her functions well enough and Petunia would stop pretending to protect her. Like one wrong move was all it took for her life to be forfeit.03. For once in my life, I was here and nowhere else. —Maggie Stiefvater After her fishing trip, the days were a little nicer. Cold, as it was mid-December by this point, but the rain had ceased for the most part, leaving the roads dry. The nice conditions improved her confidence and within the week, Hattie had acquired her license. Mr. Newton was possibly more proud of her than Charlie was, and when he found out she'd passed her test he somehow acquired a car for her. Apparently, he put out feelers "through the grapevine," he'd said, and found one of his old hiking buddies was selling his hatchback to upgrade to a Jeep. Small town life sure was something. Coincidentally, Hattie loved the car. It was small and zippy, painted a dark, glittery midnight blue—in really good condition, though there were a few rust spots. After Charlie had Billy and Jacob come out and inspect it, and after a very thorough test-drive, he allowed Hattie to purchase it. She had never felt more possessive of any material object before—the first thing she did when the title was signed and money exchanged was take it to a car wash. Then she vacuumed it, bought a new air freshener, and drove to a nearby music store to buy her first CD. The car was freedom. Even though she had nowhere to go and nobody to meet, Hattie was exhilarated. -x- Charlie seemed more at ease leaving her now that she had four wheels to get her to and fro. He still told her to be careful every morning as he left, ruffling her hair, but he no longer hesitated as if he were debating staying. The only problem was that now that she had a car, Hattie felt more anxious and lonely than ever before—because now she had a way to see people, she just had no people to see. One morning while Charlie was out, she pulled out her magical items. They were all stored in a shoebox-sized trunk under the bed in her loft. Hattie and Professor had gone to great lengths to ensure it was as inconspicuous as it could be, charming the trunk to have notice-me-nots and muggle repellants. Hattie, unbeknownst to Professor, had even keyed it to her own magical signature. As she opened it, she muttered a quiet finite to eliminate the shrinking charm, and the trunk grew to its normal size. It was still bottomless, though there wasn't quite enough inside to necessitate it. Copies of Professor's old schoolbooks (hard to come by now), all her mother's old school things (found in the Dursleys' attic, also where she got the trunk), grimoires upon grimoires of all the things she'd learned in her eleven years under Professor's tutelage. She had cauldrons, and stirring rods, and all sorts of magical artifacts. There was even an honest to goodness wand. Those were even harder to come by than the schoolbooks—all learning materials were prohibited by the Dark Wizard's regime, from what she understood, unless inside one of his authorized schools. He had burned bookstores, stormed ancient manors, destroyed wand shops. He'd done so much damage it was hard to swallow that he'd only been at it for a short time. Why—as short ago as when Professor was a child. His associates had told her stories, fondly and a little anxiously, as if simple words could get them killed. Stories of Hogwarts in its golden age—when witches and wizards had begun their education at eleven, with wands high at the ready. A talking hat would decide which House they would belong to. (Professor was in House Slytherin, but Hattie's parents were both House Gryffindor. There were other houses too, one of the associates had been House Ravenclaw and had told stories of his House Hufflepuff friends.) But Hattie had never had a wand before. Even holding this one, her mother's, sparked no magic—it was not suited to her, or perhaps she was not suited to it. "It's why I found you so early," Professor had stated sourly. "I would've found you sooner if that old bat hadn't hidden you away…" Children are naturally inclined to operate without a wand, and Professor had wanted to teach her how before she was too old and handicapped to learn properly. "Children are like sponges," he'd added. "Daft sponges, snotty sponges, but sponges all the same." Hattie had met a few magical children growing up—in secret of course. It's where she got the nickname "Hattie" from, because Severus said using her real name was too dangerous. She had friends in that world still, even if it was too dangerous to contact them with any sense of regularity. One family, a redheaded group of wizards with far too many children, stood out in her mind. They didn't have a Professor (not everyone was as lucky as she was), taught instead by their parents, who taught them magic via farming. They were very poor, even though the oldest son had taken a part-time job in the muggle world to help supplement their family. He was called Bill, and he taught her his hobby, curse-breaking. All the children went to muggle school as well, because if there was one thing all the wizards she'd met agreed on, it was that there was no future in the wizarding world. They had neighbors nearby with a little girl a year younger than Hattie, who was quite odd but fun to be around—Luna. Up the way was a boy a few years older than them, Cedric. When Hattie was fourteen she received word that he was slaughtered by Death Eaters and for months Hattie worried that they'd kill the others in the village too. There were others she'd met, of course: a boy called Neville, whose parents wandered his home broken and mindlessly; a pair of Indian twins called Padma and Parvati whose father spoke harshly in Hindi to their mother the entire time Professor and Hattie were at their home; a pink-cheeked girl named Hannah who was sweet and shy. Hannah's aunt used to run the wizard's court system and had narrowly escaped with her life when the Dark Regime took over. These people, and more, were what Professor and Hattie referred to as their 'network', a group of allies, friends, who were more like Hattie's family. They'd raised her, in every way they could whilst in hiding. They taught her everything she knew about kindness and love and pain. After all, they were all enemies of the regime. Most interesting to Hattie, however, was when Professor took her to a very muggle neighborhood and introduced her to Hermione Granger. Hermione had a Professor, a woman called McGonagall who was old and stern with shaking hands. When McGonagall met Hattie she cried and had to leave the room. Hermione hadn't said much to Hattie that first time, but that wasn't what made her interesting—Hermione was muggleborn, which meant both of her parents were muggles. McGonagall had a little book in her bag that she called the Heart of Hogwarts. They'd all looked at it together on the Granger's dining room table—it was filled with names upon names upon names. This, McGonagall said, was what would save their world in the end: the Dark Regime had Hogwarts, but McGonagall had its heart—all the students that ever had been and ever would be, all in a neat little book. Hattie had seen her surname written there, but before she could point it out, Professor had jerked her away. This was when she was scolded and told she must never, ever tell a wizard her real name. She never asked why. She wondered sometimes, but Professor had told her there were things that she could not know, for her own safety—and she trusted him irrevocably. —x— Amongst all her things was her NEWT certificate—overseen, signed, and notarized by a tiny old witch. Professor assured Hattie that she had once been a part of the Wizarding Examinations Authority. This was necessary so that Hattie could have an official Mastery in the future. The NEWTs had been notarized of course, but could not be filed at what used to be the Ministry of Magic—so Hattie and Severus each had a copy for safekeeping. With proof of her certifications, she could become an apprentice and obtain her Mastery. That was, if there ever was a wizard capable and willing to risk it. Wizarding America had not been quite as affected by the Dark Regime as Wizarding Britain. In fact, many had fled here when the Dark Regime began. Now, unless you used muggle means, it was near impossible to enter or exit Britain without detection. It was also near impossible for her to contact Professor or any of her friends. Hattie had a direct line of connection to Professor—a two-way mirror which would never be able to be tampered with due to the nature of its magic. The only way to "tamper" with it would be to break the connection by shattering one mirror. She was not to use the mirror without ascertaining Professor's current well-being and whereabouts. This was harder. They had several backup communications, but none were as foolproof. She could send a message via her Patronus, but someone could follow it back to her. They had charmed a gold Galleon (an old wizarding currency) to be used for code, but there was only so much you could say with code. Her preferred method of communication, besides the mirror, was to write a letter and banish it to him. This took a lot of magic—banishing was usually used within the same building. Over a distance, it could get tricky. She had a lot of practice, though this would be her first time doing it since she got to the United States. Quickly she took out some parchment, enchanted so only he or she could read it, and began her letter. —x— Professor,  I hope this letter finds you well. I would not be remiss to hear your voice, however, so please help me schedule a time for us to speak.   I'm settling in well. I do enjoy my uncle's company and though I miss certain charms of Britain I find I'm much more carefree here, and I do not yet want to return. I've not gone looking for wizarding settlements, having not had the chance, however if you have any starting points I would appreciate them.   I start muggle school in the new year. My uncle has two children who will be joining me shortly afterward, and though I'm apprehensive of their company I cannot help but find myself intrigued by this opportunity I've been presented. I've even acquired a driver's license! Isn't that absurd?   I've met a few members of the local tribe and it seems a running theme that they have some sort of … aura, for lack of better term—wild and reckless. It is both entirely unlike a wizard's magic, and at once very much the same. I will investigate more when I have the chance.   Please send me news on our acquaintances—and of course yourself.  Merry part, Hattie —x— As the weather persisted on being clear and dry, Hattie ventured finally into the forest behind their home. The path she had seen from her window was narrow and spindling, but well-worn in most places, and she didn't fear she'd lose herself. The forest was like nothing she'd seen before: the sunlight filtering through the trees (which provided complete cover over the top, blocking out the sky) caused the entire area to take on a grey-blue hue. Not much grass grew here, but moss and dirt certainly did, and ferns. Fallen trees, old and new, littered the path. One tree had fallen across the path, and Hattie stopped before it, feeling like an ant who'd lost its scent trail. Logically she knew she could climb over the tree and continue on—she could even see the path in the distance—but something was stopping her. With images of bronze twins and boys in robes, Hattie purposefully turned and marched back to the last fork she'd seen. —x— December progressed quickly, and though Professor didn't write her back, she sent him a Christmas present. She'd never had a true Christmas before. Professor usually took her to his home and they had dinner together, but it wasn't the affair most children are used to. Thus, she thought nothing of the holiday until Charlie brought home a tree. A legitimate, real Christmas tree (if a bit on the runty side). The weather wasn't very Christmassy, she had yet to see any snow this year, but having the tree in the corner of their living room suddenly made the holiday real for her. Hattie had a small panic attack leaning over the kitchen counter, wondering what would be expected of her—would she stay out of the way, did she need to buy Charlie a gift? Dear god, was he going to buy her a gift? Did they need dinner? Oh no, Charlie can't cook—Hattie would have to. How does one cook a turkey? Do Americans have different food for Christmas? She was in the middle of said panic attack when Charlie came in from the garage and dropped a large box of decorations in front of her, creating a huge thud on the counter. She jerked out of her panic attack, finally taking a gulp of air after hyperventilating. Charlie was looking at her with concern. "Hattie, hey, are you okay?" he asked, his hand on her shoulder. "What are you doing?" "I'm…" Hattie began, gulping down another gasp of air. As she exhaled, her body went into a sort of numb relaxation. "Yeah, Uncle Charlie, I'm okay." He didn't look convinced. "What was all that about?" She didn't know how to answer him— 'oh, you know, casually decided not to breathe' didn't seem like a satisfactory response, after all. She stumbled over her thoughts in an attempt to not sound ungrateful, greedy, selfish, all of the above. In the end she settled on, "I got too caught up in my thoughts, but I'm okay now." Charlie gave her a searching look but let it go, opening the box. "I thought we could decorate the tree. Usually don't bother, ya know, we go to Billy's for dinner and there's no-one but me here to care about decorations, but…with you here and all, figured you might…want to?" Hattie's eyes widened as she looked at her uncle's bashful face. He had cut down a tree and gone through all this trouble for her, some random kid he didn't know until two weeks ago? Maybe fate was finally paying her back for all the trouble she'd gone through as a kid. "Of course," she whispered. "Thank you, Uncle Charlie. You didn't have to…" "Ah, don't worry about it. Same I'd do for my kids, ya know." They ended up watching some cheesy Christmas movie on the TV while they decorated the tree. Charlie didn't have much in the way of decorations—a lot of baubles were broken, from years stored in the shed. Hattie had the realization that it had been probably sixteen years or so since he'd shared a Christmas with his own family. How could this sweet, caring man have been so hurt by his own children? Hattie was trying so hard not to form opinions on her cousins before meeting them, but it really rubbed her the wrong way that they had this amazing parent here waiting to dote on them and they pushed it aside—and for what? There was a lot of cute, personal decorations that were obviously well-cared for: "Beaufort's First Christmas" and "Isabella's First Christmas", a snowman family that had names engraved on it: "Renee" and "Charlie" and "Beau" and "Bella". There were some handmade ones that were obviously the twins' first handprints. She took extra care when hanging these special ornaments, and gave them the prized positions at the front of the tree where anyone who cared could see them. Finally, Charlie pulled the star out. This was a coveted moment, one she'd never been allowed—of course, she'd never been allowed to decorate the tree, either, but she had only ever wished to put the star on. Every year she watched Dudley be lifted and cooed over as he placed the star. Control yourself, she thought firmly. You're 16, not 6.  That was a problem she had now that she's been with Charlie. She'd spent so long being a grown-up that now that someone wanted to baby her, she was soaking it in. But still, Charlie posed her beside the tree with the star and clicked a picture and she couldn't help the cheek-splitting grin that lit her face as she placed it atop the fully decorated tree. He fished something out of his pocket and looked a little awkward as he held it out to her. She still was grinning from finishing up the tree, packing up the box—so seeing the tiny package wrapped in tissue paper was kind of bizarre to her. "What's this?" she asked, hesitatingly. Charlie scratched the back of his neck. "Ah, you know. I just figured with all the family stuff on the tree, we might be able to make you feel a little at home. Take it." She took it gently from his hands. From the weight of it, she could only guess what it was—eyes searching his, she slowly unwrapped it. Hattie was horrified to find tears clouding her vision. "It's just I know you didn't have any time with your parents," Charlie rushed. "They didn't get to do any of this with you. And knowin' Tuney, she and Lily…well they weren't close, and I can't imagine what your childhood was like. Awh, Hattie, don't cry honey—I'm sorry if I overstepped—" She cut him off by throwing herself at him, the ornament clutched in her hand. It was four reindeer, and engraved on each one was a name: Charlie, Beau, Bella, and Hattie. It was such a ridiculous thing to cry over, but it was all she'd ever wanted in her whole life: to be accepted as a part of a real family. The Dursleys had never tried—Vernon and Dudley hated her and would rather lick the grime off their boots than say a single kind word about her. Petunia greatly disliked her and saw her as a tool to gain social standing—a pretty doll. Even Severus, for all that he'd done for her, had never pretended she was his family. She could still remember being seven and having grown so fond of him, he taught her, he fed her, he gave her sweets when she was good and books and even, once, she'd gotten a dolly. She'd slipped up in her mind. Called him "daddy." She knew he wasn't her dad. But, in her mind, he'd done the bare minimum a dad needed to do. She'd mistaken his kindness for love and he had shouted at her—it was the angriest she'd ever seen him. Tiny Hattie went home that night crying, wondering why nobody wanted her. In the years following, she never made the error of mistaking fondness for love. But Charlie… She'd been here for little more than two weeks, and he'd done more for her—cared more for her—than anyone in her entire life. As a shocked Charlie folded his arms around her shaking shoulders, she praised whatever fate had sent her to Forks. —x— "Billy, I don't know how to handle her," Charlie told his longest friend quietly. Jacob was asleep in the house and—gods did he like that boy, but this was a private conversation. "She's affection starved. When she first got here I hugged her and she stiffened up like nobody had ever done it before. You look at her with fondness and she melts under your gaze. I'm just… worried about her." He and Billy were sat on the porch of his little red house, each of them holding a can of beer. Billy's house was cheerfully decorated, Christmas lights twinkling on the porch overhang, tree proudly displayed in the window. He took a long drag from his can, sighing. Billy appeared deep in thought, tightening and loosening his hand around the can of beer to make the aluminum crinkle and pop. Charlie watched the movement, lost in his own dark thoughts. He had half the mind to just call up Tuney and ask her what the girl's problems were, but if Tuney was the girl's problems, that wouldn't do him any good. Gods he loved his little sisters but Tuney had always been a bit theatrical. Charlie had been long gone when Lily got accepted into that special boarding school in Scotland—he'd gone in search of himself and found it here in Forks, of all places. But without Charlie, Tuney had relied on Lily for companionship, and the knowledge that some school thought Lily was better than Tuney had drained on her. The sisters' relationship had never been the same. Lily tried, but Charlie couldn't blame her for getting angry at Tuney's irrational behavior. Charlie hadn't talked to Tuney in years—probably since Dudley was born. He hadn't known Lily and James had died. He hadn't known Tuney had custody of Hattie. If there's one thing that moving across the ocean shows you, it's how hard it is to keep in touch with everyone back home. Especially when you're a young adult with barely any money to your name. He'd always imagined that Petunia had matured as she grew up—stopped being the theatrical young girl and become the wise, motherly young woman. But if what he suspected was true was true, then he feared Hattie's mental health. He wasn't Chief of Police for nothing. Sure, some things flew over his head, but he was much more perceptive than he led on. Sometimes the best thing you can do is let people underestimate you. The first day he met her she'd stiffened when he hugged her, and when he was asking about her childhood she specifically left out anything to do with Petunia or Dudley or her uncle…what's his name…Victor? Charlie couldn't remember for the life of him. She waxed poetic about some professor of hers, but didn't seem to have any friends outside of him. Then everything else—every tiny fond touch he gave her, every hair ruffle, half-hug, caring smile. Every "be careful" or "call me if you need anything". Every time he told her that he was treating her how he'd treat Bella or Beau. Her pretty green eyes would widen, staring at him like he was a foreign entity, and then she'd melt under his gaze like she'd… Well, like she'd never experience caring before. Then—decorating the Christmas tree. Now, Charlie had to admit, he had a hard time remembering the girl was sixteen. Hell, she'd be eighteen in a year and a half! She'd filled out a little bit since coming here, but she still just looked like a thirteen-year-old. A child. And yes, maybe he was prone to babying her a little bit. He wasn't normally the touchy feely type, but a needy child was different. And anyone looking at her could tell she needed for something. So, he'd went and gotten her a Christmas tree. Then, after he set it up in the living room, he'd dug out his and Renee's old Christmas decorations—when he came in he'd found her in the middle of a full-on breakdown and all she'd tell him is she was "too caught up in her thoughts"? At first, he thought maybe realizing it was Christmastime was making her homesick, even though he'd had his doubts about Petunia's care of the girl before this. Hattie had had way too much fun decorating the tree—the smile she had when he let her put the star on was at once heartwarming and heartbreaking. He had debated not even giving her the ornament, wondering if it would be too much for her obviously fragile emotions at the moment. He'd been right, but the crying had been happy tears. What kind of a life could she have lived that a $10 Christmas ornament with her name engraved on it could cause her to bawl like that? Billy's voice broke him out of his thoughts, his friend's slow, deep words washing over him. "What's done is done, Charlie. There's nothing to worry about now. Just love her, and all will be well in time." Charlie jerked his head in a sad replica of a nod, wondering what he'd gotten himself into—going from a bachelor in a too-big house to the full-time father of three near-grown teenagers in the span of a month.04. "It's so, so stupid what we do to ourselves because we're afraid. It's so stupid." ―Sarah Dessen Hattie probably spent way too long getting dressed on Christmas morning. Even now she stood in front of the mirror in the bathroom, debating if she was dressed appropriately. Her wild black hair had been tamed into a pretty up-do with curls framing her face, just like Petunia had always taught her. (She guessed that something about those ostentatious tea parties had been useful.) She didn't really own anything Christmassy, but she did have an emerald green circle skirt, into which she'd tucked a white long-sleeved V-neck. It was sort of cold outside, so she was wearing thick white tights. With frustration, Hattie noticed that her shirt was abnormally tight across her chest—what used to be form-fitting barely fit at all, due to the way she was filling out. Hattie debated changing again, but she'd already spent so much time and energy on it. Besides, when she put on her oversized cardigan, nobody would be able to tell. "Don't worry, honey, you look beautiful," Charlie's voice called, from the bottom of the stairs. "If we don't hurry up, though, we're going to be late." Hattie called an apology and ran to get her things. She threw on the cardigan haphazardly, stuffed her feet into the first pair of shoes she found, and hurriedly donned her coat and gloves. Then, almost forgetting, she stooped to scoop up her small pile of presents. There, ready to go. Wanting to make sure she was no longer keeping Charlie, Hattie zoomed by him and out the door. The car was already loaded—Charlie had bought Billy and Jake both small presents, as well as Harry Clearwater's kids, and had even had the forethought to bring out the dish Hattie prepared. She plopped her presents down in the back seat of his cruiser and was buckled into the passenger seat, shivering, by the time Charlie started the car. "Alright," Charlie hummed, tapping a beat on the steering wheel as he pulled out. "Christmas dinner, here we come!" Charlie sang Christmas tunes all the way to La Push, and Hattie joined in with the ones she knew for a little while. She couldn't help smiling and sighing happily to herself. This was a dream come true for her. This morning she and Charlie had exchanged gifts together. Charlie had insisted, with a roguish grin, that Santa came down their non-existent chimney and brought the small stack of gifts, filling her stocking along the way. It was his way of downplaying the money spent, so she didn't protest too much, but made sure to thank him extra all the way through breakfast. He had filled her stocking with sweets and some cute stocking stuffers, like a set of earbuds, a new toothbrush, lip balm, socks, nail polish. Small, thoughtful little gifts. On top of all of that—which was already more than she'd even imagined getting—he'd gotten Hattie her own cell phone. Charlie warned her that he knew nothing of technology and that it was a recommended model. This suited Hattie perfectly. And then, as if that wasn't enough, he added a couple of pretty clothing items ("Sue Clearwater mighta helped a little with those…" he'd admitted sheepishly) and, her favorite—the photo albums. He had given her two photo albums. The first was of her mother's childhood and young adolescent years. The second one was mostly empty, save for few pictures: The first was Hattie with her first fish, Charlie standing in the background holding it. Her heart warmed, and she nearly cried when she saw it. Then there was a picture she hadn't even known was taken: herself, curled up in a blanket, asleep. Next to her was Jacob Black, also asleep, arm thrown around the back of the couch behind her. They both leaned to the right, though she wasn't quite leaning against him—both had their heads tilted at the same angle and their mouths open. This must have been post-fishing trip, when she'd fallen asleep at Jacob's and somehow woken up in her own bed. (She still didn't want to think how that happened, though her foggy memories had her suspecting Jacobhad carried her to the car, but how had she gotten from the car to the bed?) The third, and last, was Hattie with her giant grin, placing the star atop the tree. "Figured we can get you a camera and start your photo album," Charlie grunted when she'd hugged him so hard it knocked the air out of his lungs. "Glad ya like it, kiddo." Afterwards, Hattie's gift to him felt underwhelming—a new band for his beloved watch and new tackle set. He had seemed to like them, but she felt like they didn't live up to his amazing gift. They'd then had breakfast together, which Hattie had made—French toast and scrambled eggs and sausages. She knew that the Dursleys often ate pigs in blankets, but apparently that wasn't a tradition here and personally—Hattie didn't love bacon the way most people did anyways. When Charlie and Hattie arrived at the Clearwaters' house, Billy and Jacob were also just arriving. Charlie hopped out quickly to help Jacob get Billy up the stairs and into the house whilst Hattie hung back, gathering everything from the car and watching the trio. Charlie had known Billy since before Hattie was born. As an outsider, even she could admire the level of familiarity the duo shared. And Charlie was obviously quite fond of Jacob, even when he pretended to push the boy down the stairs for dropping Billy's wheelchair on Charlie's foot. Hattie continued up the stairs after the boys, hers and Charlie's gifts stacked atop the casserole dish. She'd made a cheesy potato casserole—not traditionally Christmassy, but that way, Hattie knew it wouldn't be a repeat dish at the dinner. As she came up the stairs, both Jacob and Charlie turned to help her carry her burden. "Oh!" Charlie chuckled as their hands collided. Then he pulled the presents out of Hattie's hands and allowed Jacob to take the casserole. "Good man," he said gruffly, clapping Jacob on the shoulder. Hattie smiled shyly at the both of them as Charlie headed in. Jacob was staring at her with huge eyes, as if he'd never seen her before. After a moment, he shook himself and offered her his arm. "Let's head in, it's chilly." So she let him guide her in, his arm around her back. There wasn't a ton of people—not that Hattie had expected there to be—so it wasn't too crowded in the Clearwaters' modest home. There was, of course, Charlie and herself. Billy was settled at the table with Harry, who was for once not dressed in a plaid button down and fishing vest. In the kitchen was who Hattie assumed was Sue Clearwater and her daughter, Leah—a tall, lithe young woman with long dark hair and sad eyes. Jacob was glaring at a boy slightly younger than them—he must've been Seth, who was around fourteen, with a cheerful disposition. Seth was glancing between Jacob and Hattie, smirking. "Come in, come in! You must be Hattie!" Sue called, breaking up the silent confrontation—Seth smirking, Jacob glaring, Hattie just feeling confused. "Oh, I told Charlie not to make you cook anything! Charlie you dog!" Charlie was protesting at the table next to Harry. Hattie wasn't paying a ton of attention as Jacob helped her out of her coat, hanging it on the rack. "You look beautiful, Hattie," Harry called. "Doesn't she look beautiful, Jake? Seth?" Suddenly both boys seemed much more awkward—Seth was blushing and Jake was scratching the back of his neck, averting his eyes. "She does," Seth agreed. "Jake thinks so too, he was staring!" "Seth!" admonished Jake, who was blushing now too. "It's true!" Seth and Jacob started squabbling as the men laughed. Hattie felt a little uncomfortable, pulling her cardigan tighter around her, and Leah must have taken notice to her discomfort. "Knock it off, some of us are trying to enjoy ourselves!" she snapped. Sure enough, both boys went quiet. Leah glanced at her fleetingly, and Hattie tried to portray her appreciation through her eyes. Dinner was nice—Hattie sat with Charlie, Billy, and Jacob and they ate and chatted quietly. It was not the formal affair that Hattie remember the Dursleys' Christmas dinner being. They didn't give thanks, there was no formal dinnerware, cloth napkins seemed entirely too posh for this situation. It was relaxed and friendly and pleasant, and dinner was delicious.  Hattie got compliments on her dish too, but Sue's dinner was definitely the main affair. After dinner, Hattie insisted on helping clean up, even if Sue was trying to be nice by not letting her. The pair quickly packed away dinner, stacking up plates of food for people to take home because, as Sue put it, "I haven't got nearly enough room in my stomach nor my fridge for all of this!" Then they cleared the table and began the arduous task of washing dishes. "You're a good girl, Hattie," Sue commented idly. "Leah's a good girl, too, but she could take some pointers from you." Hattie blushed, keeping her head down. "I don't know. She seems great. A little sad, but great." Sue hummed lightly, as if unsure whether she should discuss this or not. There was nothing but the sound of water splashing and the men messing around outside for a little while. Then she must have decided it was a safe topic, because she continued, "You're right, she is a little sad. She had a bad break-up recently, and it's been rough on her. Do you know what that's like?" Hattie didn't. She'd never had a close friend, let alone a significant other, and relayed this quietly to Sue. Sue laughed a little. "Good girl, relationships are trouble. I hope you never get your heart broken as badly as Leah did." Hattie sighed wistfully. It wasn't something she thought about frequently—oh, sure, she knew she had a pretty face. Her aunt had told her often enough, derisively, as if that was the worst sin Hattie had ever committed. People may be taken by pretty faces, maybe even lust after them, but they certainly don't fall in love with them—it's everything else that counts. Hattie wasn't sure that it was worth falling in love with the girl behind her pretty face. Someone bustled into the kitchen behind them—Leah, her hair pulled back into a bun. She edged Hattie out of the way and Sue waved her off, telling her to go play with the boys. Wiping her hands on a towel, Hattie headed out the back, where the men were all bundled up and tossing around a ball. It was a little chilly just standing there, and as much as she'd like to join in, she wasn't wearing the proper clothes for it. Athleticism was something she'd always prided herself on. Dancing, sports, yoga, swimming—any way she could move her body was a good way. Ever since coming to Forks, she hadn't had much chance to do so. The weather was almost always poor, and Hattie hadn't had the opportunity to find any classes. In England, one of her favorite times was during the summer. Her schedule was always jam-packed: working around the house, going to tea parties with her aunt, muggle school, magical school. She had hardly any time to herself. During the summer, when muggle school let out, she always told her aunt that Professor was keeping her longer. Professor, however, was told that her aunt was keeping her longer. In this small period of time—usually an hour or two a day—nobody was looking for her. There were no demands to follow. Hattie would join any class that was in the area. Often these were things like yoga or spin, meant for bored housewives, but once there was a ballet class. Ballet was something Hattie enjoyed immensely. It cost little concentration and effort for her to emulate the graceful, floating moves. Professor had once told her she was built like a 'seeker' (a position in an old wizard's broomstick game), which meant she was small and lithe and surprisingly quick—the natural disposition for a dancer. Thinking about all of the fun activities she'd enjoyed in the past made her long for companionship. She hadn't realized how lonely she was, aching for extra human interaction…even if it came from an instructor berating her form. Hattie resolved herself to finding some sort of group to join, and soon, before she went stir-crazy. It might already be happening. Yesterday she cleaned the oven three times in an hour because there was simply nothing else to do in the house. She had long since read all the novels she'd brought with her, and there was only so much magic she could practice. Perhaps if she signed up for an activity she could even make some friends. As if praising her for her mental resolution, the ball the men were playing with landed right in front of Hattie. She blinked at it, cocking her head. Almost without thought, she scooped it up and brought it back out to play. Yes—she ripped her tights, and she definitely didn't look prim and proper with her skirt flying about, but Hattie had fun. Even if the game was only an overcomplicated version of keep-away, in which all the boys seemed determined that she was the one they were "keeping away" from. At one point Charlie threw her over his shoulder, surprisingly not stumbling (even though he had no coordination at all) and ran away with her, threatening to toss her in the ocean. It was the most fun she'd had in a long time. After the game, as it was getting dark and everyone was getting ready to go home, Jacob pulled her aside. He seemed a little shy, but his eyes reflected the orange of the setting sun in an unearthly way and she couldn't stop staring. "I made you something," he said quietly. In the background Billy and Charlie were saying noisy goodbyes. Hattie blinked as Jacob handed her a small, crudely wrapped present. She began to unwrap it, smiling a little to herself—she had given him a copy of the novel they'd attempted to share during the fishing trip. But he had made her a gift, which thrilled her in a way she hadn't known possible. "It's not much," Jacob hurried to tell her, as she pulled away the last of the wrapping paper. "I just thought…it might look nice on you." It was a headband, woven out of leather strings. There were a couple of sparkly clay beads woven into it, and it was simply divine. Immediately Hattie tied it into her hair, gasping. "Jacob, thank you! It's beautiful." She darted forward and wrapped him in a hug, feeling overwhelmed with the amount of care people had been showing her. Jacob touched the headband and smiled softly, and before she knew it she was caught in his gaze again. His eyes were bottomless, reflecting the sun into pools of deep chocolatey brown. It seemed like forever before they broke apart—just staring at one another. He seemed to be scrutinizing her face, eyebrows pulling together just the tiniest bit. Hattie wondered what he was thinking, what he saw in her eyes that had him so entranced. He leaned slightly forward and that fire alit in her belly again, just like on the boat. They were so close together now, there was no missing what was happening. In every movie she'd ever glimpsed, this was how it started: whether it was pouring rain, or they were standing on a warm, sandy beach—this was how that very first kiss began. Her eyes fluttered closed, and he came even closer, his breath ghosting across her lips. He smelled like pumpkin pie and she had never needed someone as much as she needed Jacob right now. Then— "Hattie, it's getting late!" Hattie startled at Charlie's voice, pulling back from Jacob and blinking wildly. He was still in the same position, staring at her as if she held the world in her hands. She couldn't pretend it was her imagination—he looked disappointed. Hattie felt a little disappointment, too. "Coming, Uncle Charlie," she called, still looking at Jacob. As she turned, he moved forward, catching her arm. "Hattie," he murmured. She turned her face back towards him. "Merry Christmas." And so, so gently he kissed her cheek. She was frozen there for a quick moment as he loped away, towards where his dad was already rolling himself home. Then Charlie called her again and she, too, turned away. On the ride home, Charlie was silent. Hattie wondered if it was because he had witnessed her near-kiss, and if he had, if he was angry about it. She touched her cheek and smiled a little bit. If he was angry, that was fine—but she wasn't. "So, Jacob, huh?" Charlie finally said after a little while. "Hm?" Hattie asked, tearing her gaze from the horizon. "Jacob?" "He's a nice boy," her uncle said begrudgingly. "He kissed my cheek," she blurted, touching it again. "That means he likes me, right?" Charlie was silent for a moment, and then he laughed. "Oh, Hattie. Yes, I think he likes you." —x— That night, as she lay in bed replaying her almost-perfect Christmas, Hattie still found room in her heart to feel sad. She missed Professor. She spent most Christmases with him, donning her winter gear and walking to his home in the early hours of the morning. The Dursleys never missed her, and she privately thought Severus enjoyed the company on a day meant for family. Even if they weren't family in the traditional sense of the word, they might as well have been; each of them only had the other, and their allies. So she would buy him a small present each year, something silly he would never buy himself. Knick-knacks, usually. And she'd try to impress him with potions she made up on the spot, often unusable (she wasn't a trained potioneer, after all, and there were hardly any books left on the art anyways). And he would gift her something, too: once, when she was little, it had been a dolly. But their tradition was to order Chinese takeaway and spend the day in the study reading for fun instead of learning. They were birds of a feather in that, too. With the silence she was receiving from Professor's end, Hattie was feeling a little bit empty. It was strange not having the traditions she held close to her, even though they weren't what most people would think of as being 'Christmassy'. They were hers, and that was what was important. That night, she ended up stuffing her feet into her shoes and quietly making her way out into the loft. She pulled out her trunk from beneath her bed, carefully retrieving her cauldron and potions kit from inside. Her intention was to make a silly potion, but when she pulled out her cauldron a hollow thunk resonated from within. She jumped with the noise, peering over the edge with disdain. Inside was a carefully wrapped gift, and a tiny missive atop it, which read Merry Christmas, you daft girl. —x— The week following Christmas flew by faster than any week had the right to do. Most of it was spent preparing for Hattie's inevitable first day of school, which, of course, came around all too quickly. Her belly was a mess of nervous butterflies as she dressed, trying to scan her brain to remember what the other students had been wearing. Somehow, she didn't think dressing like she was going to a tea party would help her fit in. Instead she donned a pair of nice jeans and one of the tops Sue had helped Charlie pick out, throwing her cardigan over top and then her winter coat. Hattie tied her hair up with the headband Jacob made her and made sure her bag was packed. Notebooks, pens, pencils, a calculator, anything she thought she might need. Even an umbrella. She had her wallet, her car keys…there was no reason for her to continue procrastinating. No reason except nerves. Finally, she strolled down the stairs. Charlie had gotten bored waiting for her and resorted to cereal for breakfast, so she followed suit. He attempted to make conversation, but she was too nervous, so he allowed her to brood in peace. After what seemed like only a few moments, Charlie had to head out to work. He kissed her head as he left, wishing her a good first day. "Be safe," he called from the door, where she could hear him jiggling around with his holster. "Call me if you need anything. Anything, Hattie." She stood abruptly. Her phone. She'd known there was something she was forgetting! After she grabbed it, Hattie rushed to her car. It was a relatively clear day, a blessing for which Hattie was not ungrateful—if only it were to be spent somewhere enjoyable. She sighed to herself as she pulled out of the driveway, pointed in the direction of Forks High School. The parking lot was already half full by the time Hattie arrived, and she had to spend extra time in the main office. It seemed like it took forever to get her finished schedule and a horrid pink slip, which was to be signed by each of her teachers. By the time that was done, Hattie had to scour the parking lot for a space and found exactly one next to a shiny silver Volvo. Luckily her first class was nearby, so she followed a pair of young boys inside. They hung their coats on a rack inside the door and ventured further into the building. With only a slight hesitation, Hattie copied them, spending a moment fussing with her cardigan as a guise for steeling her nerves. When she was sure she would be alright, Hattie searched out her English teacher, Mr. Mason. "Ah, you must be Heather," he said cheerfully. "Welcome. Find a seat, anywhere will do! We're starting a new semester so you're right on time." Hattie didn't have a chance to correct him. As soon as he was done signing her pink slip, Mr. Mason ushered her into the classroom. It felt like everybody was staring at her, even though very obviously they weren't—there was just so many faces. Hattie hadn't been in a crowd this big in well over a month. Her gaze fell upon an open spot close to where she stood and she dove for it, relieved to be tucked out of the way. Next to her was a tall, dark-haired boy with greasy hair and an acne problem. He sort of reminded Hattie of what Professor might've looked like as a child. Her lips quirked in amusement. It was almost as soon as she sat down that he began chatting to her. He seemed friendly, but over-eager, like he had been waiting to get his claws into something new and juicy. It put Hattie off a little bit. "You must be the new girl, Chief Swan's niece, right? Heather?" the boy chatted, angling his body toward hers. "I'm Eric." She was unpacking a notebook and pen and nodded at him slowly. She didn't want to encourage him, but thus far he hadn't done anything wrong. Instead, she replied politely—but coolly. "Yes, I am. I'm Hattie. Nice to meet you." "I love your accent!" Eric gushed, leaning just a little too close to her. His greasy hair shone in the light and Hattie resisted the urge to put space between them. "Where are you from?" Hattie was distracted from answering when the door swung open and one last straggler came in. Even windswept she looked like a supermodel—the bronze-haired twin Hattie had seen in December. She'd nearly forgotten about them and the weird dream they'd starred in. Honestly, the reminder of the anxiety-inducing dream really did not help her nerves. Still, Hattie couldn't help but stare at the newcomer. Her hair was long and loose, messy in a purposeful way. Though the girl was petite, she held herself tall and confidently. The only flaw Hattie could find was dark, bruise-like circles under her light eyes. "Nice of you to join us, Edythe," Mr. Mason called as the girl entered. Hattie watched with interested eyes as she stalked to her desk. As she passed, Hattie went rigid in her seat—Edythe gave off a controlling, indescribable aura. Like fury that had run deep since the beginning of time, like ancient hunger, like a hunter's coiled tension as they waited to pounce on their prey. Then, alongside or maybe coiled into it, was knowledge and strength and resolution. It prickled her skin. Hattie got the feeling that Edythe was powerful. As if sensing Hattie thinking about her, the bronze haired twin met Hattie's eyes. There was hostility in the honey-colored gaze, but also curiosity. Edythe stared at Hattie for longer than was necessary, a faint frown on her face. Hattie's heartbeat quickened with each second, wondering what was going through the other girl's mind. Luckily the connection was broken when Mr. Mason began speaking, circulating some papers around the room. Still, Hattie couldn't help feeling uneasy when she thought of the piercing, topaz eyes. "Now that all of us are present, I'm going to pass out this semester's syllabus…" —x— The rest of the day zoomed by pretty quickly, nowhere near as atrocious as Hattie had feared. Given it was the first day of a brand-new semester, she didn't have any work to catch up on. The only thing she had to do was integrate herself into the social setting, which was possibly more daunting than a stack of missed assignments. After English was US History, with an unfortunately named Mrs. Mackerel, who Hattie had already decided was the devil. The woman was the only teacher who made Hattie stand before the class and introduce herself. Though embarrassed, face burning red, at least one good thing had come of it: this class knew she went by Hattie and not Heather. In History she met a nice girl named Angela, who walked Hattie to her next class—art. Angela was sweet, and Hattie took an instant liking to the unassuming girl, who didn't ask any intrusive questions and demanded nothing from her. It was a breath of fresh air. Art was followed by Algebra II (and we're not even going to get into that atrocity, which worked parts of Hattie's brain in ways they hadn't needed to be worked in a while). By the time Algebra was over, Hattie's stomach was protesting, hungry for food. Angela caught her before she could leave, inviting Hattie to sit with her at lunch. With a small smile, Hattie agreed. They walked together out into the cloudy parking lot, headed for the cafeteria. Angela's huge camera hung around her neck, swinging gently as they walked. "I'm on the yearbook committee," Angela explained when she noticed Hattie looking. "It's an elective. It looks good on college applications, if you want to go to school for art." Hattie recalled Ms. Cope talking about it in December. "Oh yeah, there weren't anymore spaces available. Do you like it?" Angela shrugged. "I don't dislike it. I love photography, but the yearbook has pretty strict guidelines on what can and can't be in it. I wish I had more freedom." "I get that," Hattie said. She adjusted the straps of her backpack, which were heavy with the new textbooks. Idly she wondered if anybody would notice her putting a featherweight charm on the bag. (She decided not to risk it, instead making plans to put her excess books in her car after lunch.) "What do you do for fun?" Angela asked. "You're in art class, are you an artist?" Hattie surprised them both by letting out a loud, genuine laugh. "God no," she gasped. "I can't draw to save my life. It was just my only option, practically. No, I like to cook, and read, but my passion is athleticism." Angela's nose wrinkled. "I'm not so good at sports. What do you play?" They were entering the cafeteria now. They both had bagged lunches, so they headed toward the tables. Angela lead Hattie toward an empty one in the center, clearly having a specific table in mind. As they settled in, both pulling out their lunches, Hattie continued the conversation. "I dance," Hattie said, shrugging. She unzipped her floral lunchbox, carefully pulling out her food. "I'm actually not that picky. I've done yoga, ballet, swimming. I like trying new sports. Football…er, soccer here, I guess—that's one of my favorites." While she was talking, they were joined by more and more people. A trio of girls—one brunette, one blond, one platinum blond. Eric, and a baby-faced blond boy, also joined them. Lastly a small Asian boy plopped down next to Eric, nearly spilling his lunch. "You like soccer?" the platinum blond asked, her voice nasally. It was clear she didn't quite believe Hattie—tiny, lithe Hattie—could actually play, but she was also trying to not be nasty. Angela introduced them all, quietly: the nasally girl was Lauren Mallory, and with her were Jessica Stanley and McKayla Newton. Eric's friends were Mike Newton and Ben Cheney. McKayla was deep in conversation with Lauren, but Hattie leaned toward Mike excitedly. Mr. Newton had done good by her, teaching her to drive during the weeks before Christmas and even locating a car for her. "Your dad is really nice," she told him cheerfully. "He taught me how to drive and helped me find a car when I got here." Mike seemed overly interested. "Oh? Did he, you know, talk about me?" He must've been annoyed by having to lean around Eric and Ben, because he quickly switched seats, plopping down on the bench facing Hattie. Hattie shrugged. "Not really. He mentioned he had kids, but not much about them." Mike looked pretty relieved at that, swinging himself around to continue eating his lunch—next to her now, instead of a couple seats down—and started chatting at her. He reminded her of a puppy dog. Hattie was distracted, though, when she noticed Edythe and her group coming in. They were even more beautiful close up. There was six of them, as Hattie had noticed back in December: three boys and three girls. They were all pale, pale as the moon—pale as corpses, with bruise-like circles under their eyes. What was chilling was that, though most of them couldn't possibly be related, they all had the same honey colored eyes. The boys looked more like men than high school students. They could've been college students or even teachers. One was huge, all wide shoulders and heavy muscles like a body builder. His hair was dark and curly, and though his appearance was intimidating he had soft dimples on his cheeks. With him was a woman whose looks put even Edythe to shame. Her long, curly blond hair was in a perfect up-do and her face had a sort of timeless, regal beauty. She would've been better suited to a runway, even with her thick curves, than a high school cafeteria. The other girl was tiny, smaller even than Edythe, maybe around Hattie's height. It was hard to tell from the distance, but it was possible she was even smaller. She looked like she'd dropped right out of the 20s, with her inky black hair cut into a pixie bob and her elfin face. Then there was the man next to her—tall, possibly taller than the body builder, muscled but in a different sort of way. Like he'd spent all his time outdoors, working the land. He had golden blond locks coiffed up into a stylish, albeit windswept, up-do. His face was pained, and the stiff set of his shoulders made Hattie think he was uncomfortable. Then there was Edythe, of course, and her bronze-haired twin: the youngest-looking of the boys, the smallest. He looked small compared to the body builder and the blond, but Hattie guess he must be at least six-foot, if not more, with wiry muscles. "Who're they?" Hattie asked Angela, not taking her eyes off them. There was just something about them…Hattie couldn't put her finger on it. Hattie had the thought that they were grenades—perfectly safe with the pin still in, but you wouldn't really want to mess with them in fear of them blowing up. Safe and dangerous all at once. As she thought this, Edythe's twin glanced up and met Hattie's eyes. Having already been down this road once, Hattie looked away, noting that Edythe was smiling into her plate. Angela explained quietly, "The big one is Emmett Cullen, then there's Jasper and Rosalie Hale, the blonds. They're all seniors. The little one is Alice Cullen, she's Emmett's little sister, and then that's Edythe and Edward Cullen. They're in our class. They moved here a couple years ago from Alaska, with Dr. Cullen." "They're a family?" Hattie confirmed, looking still at the bronze twins—Edythe and Edward. Edythe was now in what looked to be an intense conversation with Alice, but Edward's head was cocked a little as if he was listening to something. Hattie tried not to feel as if it were her conversation. "The Hales are Mrs. Cullen's niece and nephew I guess, she's had them for a long time, but the Cullens are all adopted. You wouldn't believe it if you saw how young the doctor and his wife are," Jessica gossiped, leaning in to be part of the conversation. "They're kind of weird. They keep to themselves. And they're all together—like together together. Alice and Jasper, Emmett and Rosalie." Hattie flashed a look at Jessica, irritated at the girl's rudeness. "They're not related," she pointed out. "Isn't that kind of judgmental of you?" Jessica huffed out a nervous laugh like she thought Hattie was joking. "Yeah, but they live together. Isn't that strange?" "Finding your happiness isn't strange." Hattie insisted, in a no-nonsense tone. "If they're adopted, you have no idea what they went through to get to where they are. Cut them a little slack." Before Jessica could say anything—or any of the rest of the group, who had gone quiet at her proclamation—Hattie stood and left the cafeteria. Behind her Angela was whispering to her friends. "Jessica, be a little more sensitive. Hattie lives with her uncle now, remember?" But Hattie pushed it out of her mind, seeking sanctuary in her car. All she could think was no wonder the Cullens kept to themselves, if this is how people treated them. She brushed off all the thoughts she'd previously had of them. Or course they seemed dangerous: they were guarded, used to being hurt by the people around them. Hattie was much the same, a little high-strung. If her Professor hadn't stepped in at such an early age, Hattie assumed that her shyness might have manifested as something very similar to the Cullens' guarded nature. She thought of the boy in the House Gryffindor tie from her dream, what seemed like years ago now. His tense shoulders, pained eyes. Yes—maybe that's how she would've been.05. You couldn't expect anyone else to share your suffering. You had to carry your pain alone. ―Kass Morgan Their mother drove them to the airport with the windows rolled down. She sat in the front seat, her brother in the back—it was beautiful in Phoenix. Seventy-five degrees, the sky a perfect, cloudless blue. She was wearing her favorite shirt, which her mother had given her: white, sleeveless, lacy. It was a farewell gesture, a goodbye to beautiful Phoenix. It'd been three years since she'd been to Washington, but even she couldn't forget the dreary weather. Forks, Washington existed in the Olympic Peninsula under a near constant cover of clouds, seeing more rainfall than nearly any other place in the United States. Their mother had escaped from this miserable town and it's gloomy, omnipresent shade when they were only a few months old. She'd been brave, or possibly stupid, to venture out into the world on her own with only her infant twins in tow. That was seventeen years ago. For over a decade she and Beau had been compelled to spend two weeks of every summer with their dad, Charlie, in this melancholy town of Forks. Then, three years ago, she'd put her foot down. Beau had gone along with it, and ever since then they'd vacationed in sunny southern California with their dad instead. It was a self-exile, one she and Beau had agreed upon together. Even still, the idea of banishing herself to Forks was horrifying. She hated the town. They loved Phoenix, with its blistering heat and vigorous, sprawling city. And Beau would leave behind more than Bella; he had true friends here, a prospective future. "Kids," Renee said in desperation, one last time before they boarded their plane. "Really, you don't have to do this." Beau spared Bella a glance, then lowered his blue eyes. They'd agreed. Perhaps they might have wavered if either were singular, but they would always be a team. Still, Renee looked like her—except with short hair and laugh lines. She felt a sort of panic looking into those youthful brown eyes. How could they leave their mother, their scatter-brained, erratic mother? Of course, she was married now. Phil would ensure the bills got paid, groceries were bought, that there was gas in the car. He'd give her directions when she got lost. These thoughts strengthened her resolve, which Renee must've seen, because she wilted a little. "Bella," Renee tried. "I want to go," Bella insisted. "So does Beau." "Yeah," Beau agreed. To Bella's ears it sounded like a plea for help, but their mother bought it, nodding resignedly. "Tell Charlie I said hi," Renee sighed. "Be safe." "We will," Beau told her, and this time he sounded more self-assured. "We'll see you soon, mom." "You can come home whenever you want. I'll come right back as soon as you need me." But they both knew the sacrifices she'd have to make in order to do that. They shared another look, blue eyes meeting brown, steadfast. "Don't worry about us," Bella forced a smile. "It'll be great. I love you mom." "I love you," Beau agreed. She hugged each of them for a moment too long. This was as hard for her as it was for them—she'd fought so long to keep them fed and clothed, fought to teach them, fought to keep them safe. And now she was sending them off to her worst nightmare. Forks, Washington. Bella left first, but Beau couldn't help looking back as they walked away—he'd always been a bit of a momma's boy, and this was hurting him tremendously. As they passed through security and headed towards their gate, she could already see his fingers itching for his cell phone. It was a four-hour flight to Seattle and another hour in a smaller plane to Port Angeles, and then an hour drive back down to Forks. Flying wasn't the hard part—the hour stuck in a car with Charlie was what worried her. Charlie had been really nice about the whole thing. He'd been hesitant at first because he'd already finalized the process of bringing his niece over from the UK to live with him, but once he'd agreed to figure things out he seemed genuinely pleased. It would be the first time his kids lived with him with any sort of permeance. He'd already gotten them registered for school and had even agreed to help them find a car. But it was sure to be awkward, anyways. None of them were what anyone could call verbose, and Bella didn't know what they'd have to talk about anyways. He was more than a little confused about their decision—like their mother before her, Bella especially had never made a secret of her disdain for Forks. When they landed in Port Angeles, it was raining. It wasn't an omen, just unavoidable. "Goody," Beau sighed, offering her suitcase to her. "I thought I'd prepared myself." "Me, too," Bella pitched her voice low. "It wasn't enough." "Pretend you're a duck," Beau advised. "Perfect weather for a duck." Bella shook her head with a wry grin, heading toward arrivals where Charlie was sure to be waiting. "Quack," she joked, half-heartedly. They were both chuckling as they approached Charlie, who was waiting with the cruiser. This she'd been expecting, and was also the primary reason behind their motivation to buy a car. Despite their scarce funds, she refused to be paraded around town in a car with red and blue lights on top. Nothing slows down traffic like a cop. Charlie gave her a much warmer hug than she'd been expecting when she stumbled out of arrivals. Then he turned to Beau, clapping him on the shoulder and seeming to decide, fuck it, and pulled him into a hug as well. It was shocking and unexpected. "Good to see you, kids," he said, smiling. He automatically steadied her when she stumbled putting her bag in his car. "You haven't changed much. How's Renee?" "Mom's fine," Bella said. At the same time, Beau responded, "It's good to see you too, Dad." They each only had a few bags. Most of their wardrobe was meant for the Arizona heat—much too permeable for Washington. Renee had helped them supplement their winter wardrobes, but it was still scanty. Even with two sets of belongings, it all fit easily into the cruiser. "I found a good car for you, really cheap," Charlie announced as Bella strapped herself in. She had been delegated to the back this time, and Beau was already strapped in the front. "What kind of car?" Beau asked, sounding suspicious. Bella couldn't help but agree—the 'for you' didn't give her very high expectations. "Well, it's a truck, actually. A Chevy," Charlie explained. "Where'd you find it?" Bella asked, perhaps a bit sharper than intended. Beau sent her a look that said, 'play nice' and she reigned her annoyance in. "Do you remember Billy Black down at La Push?" Charlie wondered, glancing up at her in the mirror. "He used to go fishing with us in the summer." Beau was nodding thoughtfully, but Bella didn't really remember—she did a good job of blocking out the unpleasant, unnecessary things from her memory. "Well he's in a wheel chair now, so he can't drive it. He offered to sell it to me real cheap." "What year is it?" Beau asked. The look of suspicion was back. From the change of expression on Charlie's face, he'd been hoping they wouldn't ask. "Well, Billy's done a lot of work on the engine—it's only a few years old, really." "When did he buy it?" Beau prompted again. "He bought it in '84, I think." "Did he buy it new?" her brother demanded. "Well…no. I think it was new in the early sixties—or late fifties, at the earliest," he admitted sheepishly. "Ch—Dad. We don't know anything about cars. Neither of us would be able to fix it if anything went wrong, and even with both of us we wouldn't be able to afford a mechanic…" Bella hedged, sighing. "Really, Bells. The thing runs great. They don't make 'em like that anymore." The Thing. It had possibilities—as a nickname, at the very least. "How cheap is cheap?" she finally asked, defeated. She and Beau had a modest savings if they pooled their money together, but she didn't want to spend a fortune on a car that was half a century old. "Well, honey, I kind of already bought it for you guys. A homecoming gift." Charlie peeked through the rearview mirror, looking hopeful. Wow. Free. You can't beat that. "You didn't have to do that, Dad," Beau protested. "We were going to buy ourselves a car." "I don't mind. I want you to be happy here." He was looking at the road as he spoke, but his voice was strong. She'd never heard him express his emotions so confidently—something Bella, if not Beau as well, had inherited from him. She looked straight ahead as she responded. "That's really great, dad. Thanks. I really appreciate it." "Yeah, we do," Beau hummed, looking out the passenger window. It was unspoken that they didn't need to voice their opinions about Forks—how they would never be happy here. Charlie didn't need to suffer with them. Besides, they'd never look a free truck in the mouth. (Or engine.) "Well, now, you're welcome," Charlie said sincerely. "You're gonna love it." They exchanged a few more pleasantries along the ride—mostly about the weather, which was wet. They all stared out the windows in silence. It was beautiful, of course—even Bella couldn't deny it. Everything was green: the trees, their trunks covered in moss, their branches hanging with a canopy of it, the ground covered with ferns. Even the air filtered down greenly through the leaves. It was too green—an alien planet. It was Beau who remembered their cousin first, as they saw the first exit sign for Forks. He perked up a little, seeming both curious and disdained. "Heather didn't come," Beau commented idly. Charlie glanced up. "Oh, Hattie?" Charlie questioned, gruffly. "Yeah, she stayed back at the house to get ready for you—think she's a bit nervous to be honest. I had her staying in your room Beau, didn't want her out in the loft by herself." Bella smiled at the thought that she was another of their family with a name they couldn't stand—though at least her name wasn't as bad as Beaufort. She smirked in amusement at her brother's misfortune. "She settled in alright?" Beau asked curiously. "She's been here what, a month?" "Six weeks," Charlie affirmed. "Yeah, she's doin' alright. She's something else. I think it'll do her good to have some company." Bella (and unbeknownst to her, Beau) both tried to picture their cousin. She was a little younger—born the summer after them. Neither of them knew much about her, they hadn't asked much. Charlie hadn't given much information away either—only that she was an orphan who had lived with their other Aunt and cousin for most of her life. When Bella had questioned Renee about that side of the family, the woman had admitted she didn't know much. She'd met Charlie's sisters, Petunia and Lily, once. From how Renee told it, Lily was charming and confidant, though tired. Petunia was overly theatrical and manipulative, and it was clear Renee hadn't liked her much. The sisters didn't get along and couldn't be left alone together. It was no wonder Hattie wanted to get away from that. Eventually they made it to Charlie's. He still lived in the same small, two-story house he'd bought with Renee in the early days of their marriage. (Those were the only days their marriage had, the early ones.) There, parked on the street in front of the house, was their new (new-to-them) truck. It was faded red, with big, rounded fenders and a bulbous cab. To her immense surprise, she loved it. If Beau's reaction was any indication, he was pretty fond of it as well. She could see them in it. It was one of those old, solid iron affairs that never get damaged. The kind you see at the scene of an accident, intact, surrounded by the pieces of a foreign car it had destroyed. "Wow, dad," Beau gasped. "I love it!" Bella agreed. Now tomorrow wouldn't be as horrific as they'd expected. They wouldn't be faced with the choice of walking two miles in the rain or accepting a ride in the cruiser. Though—she could see a shiny blue hatchback parked further up the driveway, presumably Hattie's car. They probably wouldn't have had to walk. "Alright, let's head in," Charlie said, motioning to the rain, which was picking up again. "Bells, do you want to come in or take your stuff up to the loft and settle in? I think Hattie's in the house if you want to meet her." Beau was unloading his bags and paused to glance at her. She shrugged. "I think I'm going to take my stuff up to the loft," she told Charlie. "I'll come in in a bit." "Do you need help?" Charlie asked concernedly. Before she could say no, he was already pulling her stuff out. "Go on in, Beau. Hattie's in there." Beau sent Bella a look that screamed 'help me', but there was nothing to be done—they parted ways. Charlie and Bella managed to take her things up in one trip between the two of them. The loft was actually really nice—Hattie must've sprayed some air freshener because, though there was the smell of fresh paint, it was covered up by a slightly sweet, flowery smell. Hattie had the far room and the door was slightly ajar. She had a shelf for shoes outside her door and it was filled with a multitude of cute shoes. On the coat rack inside the entrance was a puffy winter coat, scarf, and umbrella, with room for Bella's things as well. There was a key rack and her cousin's keys were hung there. Bella wasted little time shedding her shoes and parka onto the rack, hanging her keys up, and entered the closer room. Both were westward facing, looking out over the front yard. It was a small room, but cozy, with a plush bed, a bookshelf, a desk, and a dresser. There was a small built in closet on one side of the room. "Hattie tried to tidy up," Charlie said, indicating his shoes. He was standing on the welcome mat before Bella's bedroom with his muddy shoes still on. Bella noticed that the carpet had been freshly vacuumed and felt a little fond of her cousin. "She made up your bed and everything." He placed her bags inside the room and leaned on the door, hesitating as she began putting things away. This was unlike him—Charlie wasn't one to hover. Bella continued stacking things in their respective places as she prompted him, "Dad?" Charlie cleared his throat awkwardly. "Sorry, you probably want to be left alone. I just thought…it'd be really nice if you and Hattie could be friends." She lowered her stack of novels back into the suitcase, looking at him curiously. "Okay…Dad, what's going on?" Her dad scuffed his shoe on the welcome mat. "I don't know myself, really," he admitted. "I just think she could use a girl her age. I don't think she's had much of a childhood." Bella started putting things together in her head: why a sixteen-year-old girl would suddenly make the choice to move across the ocean to live with a single man she'd never met. Why her dad had been much better at expressing his emotions than the last time she'd saw him. "Of course, dad," she told him. "I'm sure everything will be fine." He let her finish unpacking, even taking her stuff to the bathroom she'd share with Hattie, before he walked her back to the house. —x— Beau used the key hidden in the eaves to let himself into the house. He set his bags inside the door before going back for the last one, then entered fully, shutting the door behind him. The house looked cleaner than the last time he'd been here, a little more loved. It smelled like cinnamon and nutmeg. The lights were off, but he could hear the TV in the background, so he flipped one on, calling out questioningly. "Hattie?" The TV abruptly turned off and after a moment a petite girl arrived around the corner. She was smaller than Bella by a good few inches, with long black hair and big green eyes. She looked delicate, unsure, but something about the way she held her shoulders was…confident? Unsure, but confident? There was a strength hidden in her posture that didn't quite align with her delicate looks. Still, he smiled, a little unsure himself. "Ah, hi—I'm Beau." A tiny grin stole across her face. "Hi, Beau," she said his name like it was new to her—with a groan he realized she probably had only known him as Beaufort. (Hypocritical, as he'd thought she went by Heather.) "It's nice to meet you," his cousin continued, stepping forward. "Can I help you with your bags?" "Oh, uh—" he was going to tell her he could get it. After all, she was probably a foot shorter than him, and he felt weird making her help him when he should've been able to do it himself. But he'd barely gotten his stutter out before she was taking his backpack from him, and one of the other bags. Then she was on the stairs, smiling as she marched up them. Beau hurriedly grabbed the last couple of bags and followed her up, bewildered. His room faced out over the lawn, and it was very familiar to him. It smelled lightly feminine—probably due to his cousin having been staying here—but it was clean, the bed done up. This room had belonged to him and Bella since they'd been born. The wooden floor, the light blue walls, the peaked ceiling, the yellowed lace curtains around the window—these were all a part of his childhood. The only changes Charlie had made through the years were switching out the cribs and adding a desk as they grew. The desk held an ancient computer, a few ethernet cables poking out. Not quite Wi-Fi, but better than the last time Beau had been in the room—when it had been phone lines stapled along the wall. Even the rocking chair from his childhood still stood in the corner. Hattie perched on the corner of the bed as Beau unpacked, a silent but not entirely unwelcome presence. He didn't know what to say to her and clearly, she didn't know what to say to him, but the silence was comfortable enough. It was nice not to be alone, and even though he didn't know her, he felt he didn't have to pretend to smile or look pleased. He was of a different frame of mind than his sister—being in Forks wasn't the worst thing to happen to him. Sure, he preferred Phoenix, and he loathed being away from his mother, but he could make Forks work. "I made some dinner, if you're hungry," Hattie said quietly as Beau finished up. "I know I was when I got here." Beau tried not to look surprised, but agreed to this. "No wonder Charlie likes you, you feed him." Hattie laughed delicately and they trailed back down the stairs. She led him into the kitchen and brought out some food, just some chicken and mashed potatoes. Comfort food. She dished it up for him, no-doubt used to caring for Charlie by now, and sat across from him with a small serving for herself. "I've already eaten," she assured him. "So, you go to the high school already?" Beau asked. She didn't necessarily look like a child, but she was small enough she could probably fit in at the middle school. "Yeah, it's alright," Hattie told him. "It was strange at first. I had to jump through some hoops because my transcripts are weird." "Because you're from the UK?" he wondered. She had a pretty posh accent, but he didn't comment on it—she probably heard about it a lot, all things considered. "Because I'm from the UK," the girl agreed. "It's not too bad. Everyone there looks at me like I'm a brand-new toy though, so I feel a bit like an object." "Well lucky for you there's two new kids starting tomorrow," Beau grinned cheekily. He heard the door open in the background and felt relieved, for some reason, that Hattie was there to act as a buffer with Charlie. "Hattie?" Charlie's voice called—some things never change. "Beau?" "In the kitchen," Beau called back. Their vocal range was pretty similar, he noted idly. Bella and Charlie entered, Charlie ruffling up Hattie's hair and telling her to sit back down when she tried to get up and make him a plate. Bella's eyes roamed Hattie's form curiously. Now that they were seated together Beau could tell that Hattie was about four inches shorter than his sister. "Hey," Bella greeted Hattie. "I'm Bella." "That's a pretty name," Hattie informed her. "I'm Hattie." "Oh…uh, thanks," Bella said awkwardly. "Isn't it funny that you all go by nicknames?" Charlie asked, plopping down with his food. He passed a plate to Bella as well. Beau snorted. "If your name was Beaufort you'd go by a nickname too." "It could be worse; our other cousin is called Dudley. The only nickname for that is Dud, which might just be worse." Hattie informed him cheerily. "Oh, I forgot we had another cousin," Bella said. "What's he like?" And just like that, all of the warmth went out of Hattie's eyes. She was quiet for a beat too long. "Hattie?" Charlie prompted. "You okay?" She snapped out of her thoughts, smiling a plastic-looking smile. "Yeah, I'm fine. Dudley's Dudley. Hard to explain." The Swans all nodded, but Beau noticed Charlie looked troubled. He shared a look with Bella, like, 'what is that all about?' —x— Dinner was much better than Bella could have hoped. Hattie was a good buffer for the Swan awkwardness, so there was a little more chatter than there would've been otherwise. It was a good distraction from her woes. All too soon, though, the group was heading their separate ways—it was getting late and they all had responsibilities in the morning. Beau headed up to shower before bed, and Bella and Hattie took the three-step walk from the house to the garage. "Do you want to shower?" Bella asked, motioning their shared bathroom. It'd be weird getting used to a new person's schedule, but it couldn't be as bad as sharing with Renee. "No, I'll shower in the morning," Hattie smiled delicately. "Have a good night, Bella." Washing off the day's travels felt like heaven to Bella. The steam worked at the tenseness of her muscles and she could almost forget she was in Forks, if just for that moment. Standing before the mirror brushing her hair out, Bella allowed herself to throw a tiny pity party. She would never fit in in Forks. She would be the new girl from a big city, a curiosity, a freak. Maybe if she looked like a girl from Phoenix should, it would be different. But physically she'd never fit in anywhere. She should be tan, sporty, blond—a volleyball player, or a cheerleader, perhaps—all the things that go with living in the valley of the sun. Instead, she was ivory-skinned, without even the excuse of blue eyes or red hair, despite the constant sunshine. She'd always been slender, but soft somehow, obviously not an athlete. She didn't have the necessary hand-eye coordination to play sports without humiliating herself—and harming anybody who stood nearby. It wasn't just physically that she'd never fit in. She didn't relate well to people her age. Maybe the truth was that she didn't relate well to people, period. Even Beau, her twin, who she was closer to than anyone on the planet, was never in harmony with her. Never exactly on the same page. Sometimes she wondered if she was seeing the same things through her eyes that the rest of the world was seeing through theirs. Maybe there was a glitch in her brain. But the cause didn't matter. All that mattered was the effect. And tomorrow was the beginning. Even after she was done crying for the night—trying to be quiet, not to disturb Hattie—Bella had a hard time sleeping. The constant whooshing of the rain and the wind across the roof wouldn't fade into the background. Even with her pillow over her head, she didn't fall asleep until almost midnight, when the rain quieted into a drizzle. The thick fog was all she could see out the window in the morning, and she felt claustrophobia creeping up on her. You could never see the sky here—it was like a cage. As she was finished getting dressed, there was a knock on her door. Bella hefted her bag onto her shoulder, heading toward the noise. Hattie stood on the other side and Bella had to swallow down her insecurities. The girl was not so dissimilar to Bella. Pale skin, but flushed with a happy warmth Bella's would never have, and it didn't have the same papery translucence that Bella's had. And she was tiny, lithe, and thin, but the set of her shoulders showed there was very little softness about her. "Wow, you look—nice," Bella stuttered, feeling self-conscious. Hattie had a nice pair of leggings on, and a long blouse and cardigan. There was a headband tied messily into her hair. Even in comfortable clothes, Hattie looked cute. On the other hand, Bella was wearing worn jeans and a brown t-shirt and converse. "Hm?" Hattie asked, looking down at herself. "Oh…thanks. It's nothing special really." Her cousin moved out of the way, letting Bella come out and grab her jacket, umbrella and car keys. "Did you need something? You knocked." "Oh!" Hattie was collecting her own things. "I was just seeing if you wanted to go down together." Bella nodded, appreciating that Hattie seemed to have some sixth sense that neither Beau or herself were super comfortable with Charlie. They headed into the kitchen, where Beau looked half-dead eating his cereal. "Mornin', girls," Charlie called, clomping down the stairs. "Mornin' Beau." The trio all greeted him with varying states of chipperness as they moved around each other in the kitchen. Bella sat and poured herself a bowl of cereal. Vaguely she noted Charlie and Hattie chatting, and Beau nodding off to sleep and nearly falling into his cheerios, but she was focused on the kitchen. It was like being frozen in time, to be honest. Sitting at the old oak table in the four mismatched chairs. The only thing that had changed were the people sitting in the kitchen. The dark-paneled walls, cheery yellow cabinets and white linoleum floors were all the same. Renee had painted those cabinets eighteen years ago in a failed attempt to bring some sunshine into the house. Over the small fireplace in the adjoining handkerchief-sized family room was a row of pictures. A wedding picture of Charlie and Renee in Las Vegas, then one of the four of them in the hospital the day Bella and Beau were born, taken by a helpful nurse. A procession of school pictures followed. There was even one of Hattie and Charlie on the ocean, in a boat. Charlie was standing behind Hattie holding a giant fish up, looking proud. It was impossible, being in this house, not to realize Charlie had never gotten over her mom. It made her uncomfortable. "Are you ready?" Bella asked Beau. She didn't want to be too early to school, but she couldn't stay in the house anymore. "Oh, uh, sure." They rinsed out their bowls and were headed toward the door and Beau stopped, frowning. "Don't you think it's weird to take two separate cars if we're all going the same place?" Bella could concede to this, and headed back toward the kitchen. Hattie was zipping her coat up, looking content. "Hey, Hattie. Did you want to carpool to school?" she called to her cousin, who jerked her head up in surprise. There was warmth in the girl's eyes, like she wasn't used to having people think about her. "Oh, sure," Hattie said. "It is kind of silly to waste gas when we're all going the same place." The trio headed out the door. It was just drizzling still, not enough to soak her immediately as she locked the house up. The sloshing of her new waterproof boots, combined with those of her cousin and brother, was unnerving. She missed the crunch of gravel under her feet as she walked. She paused and admired her truck longingly for one heartbeat, but it wouldn't fit the three of them comfortably—so they decided to take Hattie's car. It was a nice car. Beau was commenting on it from the front seat as Hattie started the car up and it purred. "It is nice. Uncle Charlie's friend, Mr. Newton, helped me find it when I got my license," Hattie said cheerfully. "I love it." The pair of them chatted idly and the radio played quietly in the background. Bella was watching out the window, pitying herself, as they headed toward the highway. Forks High School, like most other things, was right off the highway—and at first it wasn't obvious it was a school. Only the school sign gave it away. It looked like a collection of matching houses built with maroon-colored bricks. There were so many trees and shrubs she couldn't see its size at first. Where was the feel of the institution? Where were the chain link fences, the metal detectors? Hattie parked them in front of the office building first. "You'll need to get your schedules," she said cheerfully. The car was toasty and Bella didn't really want to get out, especially given it was drizzling, but Beau was already exiting. Well—here goes nothing.- Bella and Beau's first day of school!- Follows along with Twilight chapter 1- Breaking The Rules™: In this universe, vampires can eat food. 06. But I guess what you really want to know are the things you can't ask. ―Meg Rosoff Inside the office was brightly lit, and warmer than he'd hoped. It was small: a little waiting area with padded folding chairs, orange-flecked commercial carpet, notices and awards cluttering the walls, a big clock ticking loudly. Plants grew everywhere in large plastic pots, as if there wasn't enough greenery outside—but he kind of liked it. The room was cut in half by a long counter, cluttered with wire baskets full of papers and brightly colored flyers taped to its front. There were three desks behind the counter, one of which was manned by a large, red-haired woman wearing glasses. The red-haired woman looked up. "Can I help you?" "We're the Swans," Beau called, motioning half-heartedly to Bella. Awareness lit in her eyes. They were expected—a topic of gossip, no doubt. Children of the chief's flighty ex-wife, come home at last, he thought bitterly. "Of course," she said. She dug through a precariously stacked pile of documents on her desk until she found the right ones. "I have your schedules here, and a map of the school—but you have Hattie, so you probably won't need it." She gave them each a pink slip of paper to be signed by all their teachers, which they had to return at the end of the day. Then she wished them good luck. Bella smiled, actually looking somewhat convincing. When they went back to Hattie's car she was preoccupied with her cellphone, texting rapidly on it. She was smiling in the kind of way that made your cheeks ache. "Hey," he told her, settling back in. "You look happy." She blushed at him and didn't respond, which didn't leave much up to the imagination. He figured it must be a boy. Other students were beginning to arrive now—Hattie drove around the school, following the line of traffic. Beau was sort of glad to see that most of the cars in the lot were older, like their truck. Nothing flashy. Even Hattie's wasn't super flashy. At home, they'd lived in a lower-income neighborhood that was included in the Paradise Valley District. It was common to see a Mercedes or Porsche in the student lot. Here, the nicest car was a shiny Volvo, and it stood out. "What do you have first?" Bella asked from the back seat as the found a parking spot. Hattie cut the engine and glanced over curiously as Beau's schedule. "Wow, Beau—looks like you can stick with me today. Except for fifth period, our classes are the same." Beau nodded, feeling sort of relieved he wouldn't have to go it alone, and handed his schedule back to Bella. "Looks like we all have English together," Bella noted, gathering her bag. "And P.E." "Ugh, P.E.," Beau groaned, only half-joking. Now that he knew he wouldn't be alone the whole day, Beau was feeling much better about the situation. (He could see by Bella's face that she, however, was not.) As they all headed into the building, people greeted Hattie but mostly she kept her head down. They followed a pair of unisex raincoats into a building marked with a large, black "3", stopping inside the door to hang up their coats. The classroom was small and most of the desks were already filled with teens. Almost everyone was just as pale as he and Bella, which was somewhat of a relief—they wouldn't stand out here. Mr. Mason, a tall, balding teacher, gawked at them when he realized who they were. Bella flushed tomato red, but Beau just brushed it off—it was something he'd have to get used to eventually. Mr. Mason sent them to the only remaining empty desks without introducing them to the class. Hattie was sat smack dab in the middle of the room, but Beau and Bella were on opposites sides in the back. This suited Beau fine…it was harder for people to stare at him when he was in the last row. The reading list was fairly basic, and he knew Bella had read everything on it. He was missing one or two, ones that weren't required reading back home—he didn't dislike reading, just preferred more modern stuff. When the bell rang, a nasal buzzing sound, Beau picked up his bag to go find Hattie. When he turned to wave at Bella, he noticed a gangly boy with skin problems and hair as black as an oil slick had leaned over the aisle to accost her. Beau could hear him, even as he made it across the room to where Hattie was still packing up. "You're Isabella Swan, aren't you?" "Bella," his sister corrected. "Where's your next class?" Hattie glanced up when Beau stood next to her, grinning slyly. Beau did not like that look one bit—it was way too mischievous. "What?" Beau asked suspiciously. "Eric alert," Hattie whispered happily, nodding toward Bella. "I feel bad, but at least he's leaving me alone now." Beau looked back up at the boy, who reminded him of someone who'd be in a chess club. He was still nattering on at Bella, who looked ticked, but not ticked enough to send him away. "Yeah, she'll be fine," Beau chuckled. "Where to?" Hattie led him to US History, chatting about how she hated the teacher and the subject. She added that at least her one real friend at the school was in it with her—and now, Beau. They met up with said friend, a tall girl named Angela, whose cuteness flustered Beau a little bit. The three of them all sat together in US History after Mrs. Mackerel forced him to introduce himself to the class…but at least they knew he preferred to go by Beau. Then they had art, which was looking to be the proverbial sunshine in his cloudy day. Beau was an artist. Always had been. Bella had her books, Beau had his paints. Hattie obviously disliked art, the frustrated way she mixed her paint made him laugh. At the end, when they were supposed to have realistically painted the given sunflowers, he had a passable attempt for only an hour's work. Hers looked like a pile of bananas. Ms. Coal praised him, and didn't exactly tell Hattie off—but her lack of comment told them everything they needed to know. The duo left the room laughing about Hattie's atrocious painting. —x— After two classes, Bella started to recognize several of the faces in each class. There was always someone braver than the others who would introduce themselves and ask her questions about how she was liking Forks. She tried to be diplomatic, but mostly she just lied a lot. At least she never needed the map. She begrudged her brother for having Hattie, and wondered how he was faring. One girl sat next to Bella in both Trig and Spanish, and she walked her to the cafeteria for lunch. Bella had never been so excited for lunch at a high school—she just wanted to be reunited with someone she was comfortable being around. They sat at a table with several of her friends, who she introduced Bella to. (Bella promptly forgot all their names as soon as they were spoken.) The boy from English, Eric, waved at her from across the table. It was there, sitting in the lunchroom, trying to make conversation with seven curious strangers, that she first saw them. They were sitting in the corner of the cafeteria, as far away from where Bella was sitting as possible. There were six of them. They weren't talking, and they weren't really eating, though they each had a tray of untouched food in front of them. They also weren't gawking at her like most everyone else was, so she found it safe to stare at them. But it was none of those things that caught, and held, her attention. They didn't look anything alike. Of the three boys, one was big—muscled like a serious weight lifter with dark, curly hair. Another was taller, leaner, but still muscular, and honey blond. The last was lanky, less bulky, with untidy, bronze-colored hair. He was more boyish than the others, who looked like they could be in college. The girls were opposites. The tall one was statuesque. She had a beautiful figure, the kind you saw on the cover of Sports Illustrated, the kind that made every girl around her take a hit on her self-esteem just by being in the same room. The second was small, but not as small as the last—built like a dancer, not unlike Hattie. She had thick bronze hair and a timeless beauty, like she could have just stepped out of any era known to man. The last was shorter still, pixielike, thin in the extreme, with small features. Her hair was deep black, cropped short, pointing in every direction. And yet, they were all exactly alike. Every one of them was chalky pale, the palest of all the students living in this sunless town. Paler than Bella, paler than Hattie. They all had very dark eyes despite the range in hair tones. They also had dark shadows under those eyes—purplish, bruise-like shadows. As if they were all suffering from a sleepless night, or almost done recovering from a broken nose. Though their noses, all their features, were straight, perfect, angular. She couldn't look away—their faces, so different, so similar, were all devastatingly beautiful. They were faces you never expected to see, except maybe airbrushed onto a magazine, or painted by an old master as the face of an angel. It was hard to decide who was the most beautiful—perhaps the perfect blond girl, or the bronze-haired boy. They were all looking away—away from each other, away from the other students. Away from anything in particular, really. Occasionally, one of them would take a bite of food, chew slowly, swallow. As Bella watched, the smallest girl rose with her tray—quick, graceful, like a tiny ballerina—and loped away. Her gait was one you would expect to see on a runway. "Who are they?" Bella asked quietly to the girl from her Spanish class. She didn't even look up to see who Bella was talking about, but even so, it was obvious she knew. As she opened her mouth to begin speaking, the thinner one, the boyish one, glanced up at her. He looked at her for a fraction of a second, perhaps, and then his eyes flickered to Bella. He looked away quickly—more quickly than Bella could have, though she still dropped her eyes guiltily in a flush of embarrassment. In that briefest flash of a glimpse, his face had held nothing of interest—it was as if she had called his name and he looked up in involuntary response, already having decided not to answer. Bella's neighbor giggled a little bit, side-eyeing Bella. "That's Edward, Emmett, and Edythe Cullen, and Rosalie and Jasper Hale. The one who left was Alice Cullen; they all live together with Dr. Cullen and his wife," she said, under her breath. Bella glanced back at the beautiful boy, who was looking at his tray now, picking apart his bagel with long, pale fingers. Every once in a while, he'd deposit a piece in his mouth, but it looked forced. Otherwise his mouth was moving very quickly, perfect lips barely opening. The others were all looking away still, but it seemed as if he were speaking quietly to them. She thought their names were strange, unpopular—the kind of names grandparents have. But maybe that was normal here, small town names? Bella finally remembered her neighbor was called Jessica—a very common name. "They are very…nice-looking," Bella said, severely understating her point. "Yes!" Jessica giggled. "They're all together, though. Emmett and Rosalie and Jasper and Alice, I mean. And they live together." Her voice held all the shock and condemnation of a small town. "Which ones are the Cullens?" Bella asked. "They don't look related." As she was asking it, Beau and Hattie finally showed up. Hattie plopped down looking disapproving. "Are you gossiping about the Cullens again?" she asked Jessica, who snapped her mouth closed guiltily. Hattie turned to Bella and frowned. "Jasper and Rosalie are the blonds. They're Mrs. Cullen's niece and nephew. Edward and Edythe are the bronze-haired twins." Bella picked at her food as her brother and cousin began eating. She was still curious and wondered what Hattie's problem with Jessica was. "I think it's really kind nice that the Cullens take care of so many kids, when they're so young and all," she commented idly. Jessica was slow to agree, almost reluctant. It seemed like she didn't like the doctor and his wife very much—with the envious glances she was throwing at their adopted children, Bella's best guess was jealousy. "I think that Mrs. Cullen can't have any kids though," she added, as if that lessened their kindness. Bella was shocked, but she was even more shocked when Hattie slammed her lunch bag onto the table and looked at Jessica with ferocity. "How insensitive are you?" Hattie demanded. "It doesn't matter why or how the Cullens were taken in. You sit here and gossip like you know their story, but I've never seen one of you try to talk to them. You just call them weird and talk behind their backs." Jessica looked properly chastised. Though Hattie's voice had been low, the boyish Cullen—Edward, Bella knew now—glanced up. He met Bella's gaze with open curiosity. As she looked quickly away, it seemed like his glance held an unmet expectation. Peeking at him from the corner of her eye whilst Hattie steamed and Jessica moped, Bella realized he was still staring. Not gawking, like the other students—his expression was frustrated. —x— Hattie and Bella walked to Biology II together, leaving Beau to find his own way to Chemistry. Hattie still seemed to be in a mood, which Bella didn't push her on, though she was trying to make the connection. It didn't seem like Hattie was friends with the Cullens, yet she—what? Sympathized with them? They parted ways at the door, Hattie going to sit at her lab table. She already had a lab partner—a shy girl Bella had met during lunch, called Angela. In fact, every table was full except for one. Near the center aisle, Bella recognized Edward Cullen by his unusual hair color, sitting next to the single open seat. As Bella walked down the aisle to introduce herself and have her slip signed by the teacher, she watched him surreptitiously. Just as she passed, he suddenly went rigid in his seat. He stared at her, meeting her eyes with the strangest expression—it was hostile, furious. She looked away quickly, shocked, blushing again. She stumbled over a book in the walkway and had to catch herself on the edge of a table. The girl sitting there giggled. His eyes. She'd noticed his eyes—they'd been black. Coal black. Of course Mr. Banner had no choice but to send her to the sole open seat, and of course it was next to Edward. She kept her eyes down as she went to take her seat, bewildered by his antagonistic stare. She could see his posture change from the corner of her eye as she sat. He was leaning away from her, sitting at the extreme edge of his chair and averting his face as if he smelled something terrible. Inconspicuously, Bella sniffed her hair, but it smelled fine—like her strawberry shampoo. During the whole lecture, never once did Edward relax his position. He stayed tensed, hand clenched into a fist, his tendons standing out under his pale skin. This, too, he never relaxed. He had his sleeves pushed up to his elbows, and she was surprised that he was not nearly as slight as he'd looked next to his burly brothers. The class seemed to drag on longer than any of the others had—perhaps because she'd already had this particular lecture, or perhaps because she was waiting for him to relax. He never did. He continued to sit so still it looked like he wasn't breathing. It couldn't have anything to do with her, right? He didn't know her from Eve. She made the mistake of peeking up at him again—he was glaring at her, his black eyes full of revulsion. She flinched away, shrinking against her chair. If looks could kill, she thought. The moment the bell rang, startling Bella, Edward was up and out of his chair. He rose fluidly from his chair—he was much taller than she'd imagined—and was out of the door before anyone else had even left their seat. She was frozen in her seat, staring blankly after him. He'd been so rude—it wasn't fair. She gathered up her things slowly, trying to block the anger the filled her, for fear her eyes would tear up. "Bella?" Hattie's voice broke through her anger, and she turned, looking wild-eyed. Hattie seemed concerned. "What was all that about?" "I have no idea," Bella muttered, trying not to let her anger get to her still. "I've never seen him act like that…" Hattie said, almost to herself. "It was almost as if he was in pain." They were headed toward the gym by this point, and Hattie was still looking troubled. "I don't—smell bad, do I?" Bella asked, hesitatingly. Hattie gave a startled laugh. "Well I just thought I'd ask!" Once they got to the gym, Hattie left to change. Beau met up with them, looking dazed or possibly star-struck—Bella didn't tell him about Edward. Likewise, he didn't tell her about whatever had him in a mood. Coach Clapp found them uniforms but didn't make them dress down. Bella was grateful for this small mercy. They were watching four games of volleyball being played simultaneously. Bella cringed as she remembered all the injuries she had sustained…and inflicted…playing volleyball. Hattie seemed to be having a blast, though. She was playing hard, moving with a graceful proficiency that reminded Bella of a hunting cat. Beau was watching wide-eyed as well as their cousin dived to save a ball from hitting the ground, going down onto one knee—nearly going onto her stomach. "Are you sure she's related to us?" Beau asked, as the final bell rang. "That was the same girl from last night, right?" As she left for the locker rooms, Hattie waved them off to go to the main office so they could have their papers signed. Bella walked slowly, letting the chill of the wind refresh her after her long day. When she walked into the office, Beau right behind her, she nearly turned around and left again. Edward was there. She recognized the tousled bronze hair—he didn't seem to hear them come in, too busy arguing with the receptionist. Listening to his low, attractive voice, Bella could make out the gist of his argument. He wanted to trade from fifth hour biology to another time…any other time. She just couldn't believe it was about her. It had to be something else, something that happened before they came into the biology room—maybe Hattie was right, and he was in pain. The look on his face must've been about another aggravation entirely. It was impossible for a stranger to take on such a sudden, intense dislike toward another person. The door opened again, the cold wind gusting through the room. It blew Bella's hair about her face. The girl who came in simply stepped up to the desk, placed a small note in one of the wire baskets, and departed again. But Edward Cullen's back suddenly stiffened, and he turned, slowly, to glare at Bella. His face was absurdly handsome, with piercing, hate-filled eyes. For an instant, she felt the thrill of fear, raising the hair on her arms. The look only lasted a second, and then his eyes flashed to Beau with much less hate. He turned back to the receptionist. "Never mind, then," he said hastily, in a voice like velvet. "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you for your help." And he turned without another look to the Swans and disappeared out the door. When Bella and Beau got back to Hattie's car—she was waiting for them in front of the office now—Beau turned on Bella. "What was that about?" he demanded, motioning to the office. "Why did he glare at you like that?" "I don't know!" Bella crossed her arms against the wind. "He was very rude to me in biology and now this. I really don't know, Beau. Maybe this is how he acts." They loaded into the car, where Hattie was once again texting her friend. She seemed to realize something was off, because the entire drive home she refrained from her usual cheerful chatter. Bella appreciated this. She fought off tears the entire way home, and feigned tiredness once there as an excuse to retire to her bedroom.Follows the storyline of the first 1/3 of Twilight: 2. 07. "The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared." ―Lois Lowry Hattie puttered about in the kitchen that afternoon, debating what to make for dinner. Bella had escaped to the loft nearly as soon as the trio pulled into the driveway, looking frustrated and near tears. She'd radiated with ill-concealed anger. Beau, too, had retired to his room. He'd been looking a little dazed ever since fifth period, and when they parted in the doorway, his excuse was homework. Hattie could hear him banging around up there and tried to imagine what he was doing. With a sigh, the slight girl decided to make a chili. Once she had the pot on to simmer, she retired to the table and spread out her own homework. Hattie's strategy was to go from least enjoyable to most enjoyable—that way she couldn't put off the least-liked subjects. As such, she started with US History, filling out a work sheet about some war that was, honestly, inconsequential to her. She was scratching out equations for her Algebra homework, idly using her magic to stir to chili, when she felt it. The light brush of her Professor's magic, a slight weight deposited into her pocket. Hattie had first contacted him only a week into her stay in Forks. Since then she'd written him several shorter notes, becoming increasingly worried when he didn't respond. She'd even risked sending him her phone number, not that she had any pretenses he'd use it. This was the first time in six weeks he'd written, bar the present he'd sent her for Christmas. She was a little sore about it, essentially cut off from her world until he got back to her. That didn't stop Hattie from dropping her pen and digging into her pocket eagerly. It amazed her how good Severus Snape was at locating her (in the past she'd wondered if he didn't use a tracking charm). Banishing a note to someone required precise skill, especially over such long distances—he had somehow managed to get it into her pocket. He was an amazing man. An irritating, cold, snarky, sarcastic git, but amazing. The note was on parchment, folded into quarters, her name hastily scratched across the front in his elegant scrawl. Hattie—  I dread to think what your insufferable mind has been wondering at my silence. Though we have been exceedingly busy, I am sure you've thought of a hundred different explanations as to why I have not written.  The answer is simply time.   I am glad that your new home is finding you well. However, it's for the best you do not write too often, lest the letters run astray.  I am as well as always. Busier now that you are gone. Our acquaintances have redoubled their efforts and we are slowly chipping away at the regime. Amos Diggory infiltrated the Ministry and lost his life for it, but it has afforded us much needed information.  I have been recruiting. Though McGonagall wishes me to take on new students, now that my focus is not solely on your education, I find I cannot. I have other responsibilities now.   As for the magical districts, I believe there may be one in Seattle, and a few dotted throughout California. You'll know when you've found one. Most are equipped with muggle repelling wards, so look for those.  Be careful with the Quileute. I know you are set on this path, but some cultures are very protective of their secrets. Perhaps you can find more information in Seattle. I will be sending along some letters your friends have entrusted to me. Correspondence is not the easiest at this time, so be forewarned that not everyone is represented.  Should you find your business in Forks finishes early, stay put until I call upon you. You are far safer there than you ever were here.  As always, be diligent. I will contact you if anything changes.   Merry part, Severus A teardrop splashed onto the parchment. It was the only sign Hattie had been crying—a few more followed it, making some of the words run. She'd been so cut off from everyone she'd ever known. Hattie hadn't realized how isolated she'd felt until Professor's letter. Sure, Charlie was great, but there were some things she would never be allowed to tell him. It made her feel very alone. A small stack of envelopes, neatly tied together with string, appeared atop Professor's letter. It was a clever charm: instead of assuming there would be a place to banish them too, Professor used his letter's location, once delivered, as a sort of guide. It took her a moment, her shaking hands reaching for the stack of letters, to hear Beau's footsteps on the stairs. Panic settled in, catching in her throat—Hattie threw a hand out toward the pot on the stove. With a choppy, aborting gesture, she stopped the magic from stirring the pot. Be diligent, she thought sarcastically. Just in time, Beau came around the corner. "Hattie?" he called. Then, when he saw her face: "What's wrong?" Hattie gasped softly, dashing her tears away with her sleeves. "I just got some letters from…home," she explained to him. "I haven't heard from them in a while." Her cousin's eyes softened. He folded himself into the chair across from her, setting his own schoolbooks down—he must've decided to come join her instead of locking himself away. "Do you miss them?" Beau asked. There was a searching look in his blue eyes. "Your family?" Hattie laid her hands over the letters, wondering what she should tell him. How do you explain her situation to someone who had come from two loving, if separate, homes? She didn't miss the Dursleys. She missed Professor, even if he wasn't what she wanted him to be. She missed the certainty she'd had with him by her side…he would always do what was best for her, even if she didn't necessarily like it. She missed her network of allies, the friends who she'd grown up alongside, the ones who'd raised her, the ones she'd learned with. Those people were her true family—the family she'd made for herself. The Dursleys would always leave a little ache in her heart. The what-ifs, the thought of what could have been. But there was no love lost—it'd been too little, too late by the time Hattie left. Running her fingers over the letters, Hattie said with certainty, "None of these letters are from my family." A look of clear realization flashed over Beau's face. "You don't like them." Hattie tched, shaking her head sadly. "They don't like me." He watched her get up, heading to stir the chili manually this time. His eyes felt like a heavy weight on her back, and though he didn't prompt her to continue further, she did. "They never liked me. My mum…Lily…she and our Aunt Petunia never got along. When my parents died, Aunt Petunia took me in out of obligation. But I was a burden on them, and I think I reminded our aunt of her sister too much." "You were a child," Beau pointed out. "That wasn't your fault." "No," Hattie agreed. "I'm not making excuses. Just explaining." "You were unhappy. Why did you wait so long to come live with Charlie?" Beau wondered, put off. Hattie could see that he was angered by what she'd told him, and he didn't even know the half of it. "I didn't know Uncle Charlie existed," Hattie explained. This was the truth, but it was only half the story. "Even if I had…I was unhappy, but I fit where I was. The Dursleys didn't want me, but I spent most of my time in school or with my Professor. It was an arduous existence, but I was content." She sat back down at the table, clearing away her letters to look at in private. She could see Beau's gaze directed at Professor's open letter, trying to get a desperate peek in at her life before them. She folded it, purposefully, and placed it below the others. "Then, if you were content, why did you come here?" Beau murmured. His textbook was opened, but discarded—he stared at her so intensely that, if he were magical, she'd probably feel the effect of it. Hattie smiled. "Professor was a friend of my mother's. He tutored me in subjects I wouldn't otherwise have learned—when my education with him came to an end, he told me about Uncle Charlie. He had no more to offer me education-wise, but Professor knew that there were people here in the states that I could continue learning from. When I learned of Uncle Charlie, my mind was made up—I wanted to get to know him, and I wanted to further my education." —x— Dinner that night was a pretty quiet affair. Bella was sulking and Hattie, too, was in her own little world. Beau wondered if she was thinking about her letters, which she still hadn't opened. Beau seemed like he was the only one with any energy—though his day had started out miserable and dreary, when he parted ways with the girls it started looking up. In Chemistry he had met one of the Cullens that Bella and Hattie discussed at lunch, Edythe.  She was a literal goddess, petite and perfect. His eyes had been drawn to her from the moment she slipped into the room until the second she left. But what had really dazed him was that she seemed interested in him, too: her eyes kept glancing over at him, looking curious and intrigued, if not a bit frustrated. But she didn't approach him, didn't sit near him…didn't even smile or wave at him. There were definitely mixed signals. They all parted that night for their own beds, each one just as excited as the next to find themselves blissfully asleep. When Beau came down in the morning, after sleeping like a rock through the night, Hattie was already in the kitchen. He was feeling much more awake today, ruffling his still drying curls. Hattie made them breakfast. Eventually Bella came in in time to snag a bit of food, looking more depressed today than she had yesterday. Hattie didn't make her normal chipper conversation, which was probably for the best—and Charlie was already long gone. They once again car pooled to school. Beau was pleased to find that, though the clouds were dense and opaque, it wasn't raining yet. It was very tempting not to grab his umbrella, but he groaned on the way out and did so anyways—it seemed a bit like tempting fate. School was easier, because he knew what to expect. He had English class with the girls, uncharacteristically pleased when he realized that Edythe Cullen shared this class with them. They sat as far apart as possible in the small classroom, which was probably why he hadn't noticed her yesterday. But her tousled bronze hair was hard to miss today, now that he'd been pondering her through the night. She didn't look at him when he came in, which in itself didn't disappoint him. It was that she very deliberately didn't look at him, almost angling her body from him, pretending not to see him. Maybe he was looking too far into things. —x— People didn't look at her quite as much as they did yesterday, which was a nice change. During English, a puppy-dog like boy named Mike came and sat with her—she remembered his face from her Biology class, and even Gym. He walked with her to her next class, Chess-Club Eric glaring at them the whole way; that was nattering. At lunch she sat together with a big group of people that included Mike, Eric, Jessica, and even more people she now recognized. Beau and Hattie were promptly on time, though Hattie refused to look at Jessica. But though it was easier, it was still worse than yesterday. She was tired, still not being able to sleep with the wind and the rain echoing through the loft. Mr. Varner called on her in Trig even though her hand wasn't raised, and she had the wrong answer. It was miserable because she had to play volleyball, and the one time she didn't cringe out of the way of the ball, she knocked Hattie in the head with it. And it was worse because Edward Cullen wasn't in school at all. All morning she had dreaded lunch, fearing his bizarre glances. Part of her wanted to confront him, demand to know what his problem was. When she was laying sleepless in bed she even pictured what she'd say to him. But Bella knew herself too well: she'd never have the guts to do it. But when she walked into lunch with Jessica—trying to keep her eyes from sweeping the room for him, and failing entirely—she saw that his five siblings of sorts were sitting together at the same table, and he was not with them. Even as Mike intercepted them, steering them to his table, she waited nervously for him to arrive. Jessica seemed elated at the attention, and her friends joined them, but Bella was too anxious. Their easy chatter did nothing to cool her nerves. She was uncomfortable, wondering if he would simply ignore her when he arrived and prove her suspicions false. He didn't show up, though, and as time passed Bella became more and more tense. Mike, who was taking on the qualities of a golden retriever, walked faithfully by her side to biology. She had grown more and more confident during lunch, but when she entered the classroom she still held her breath. But Edward Cullen wasn't there, either. She exhaled and went to her seat, Mike following along. He was talking easily about an upcoming beach trip and lingered by her desk until the bell rang. Then he smiled wistfully at Bella and went to sit by his lab partner, behind Hattie. Bella felt she'd have to do something about Mike, and it wouldn't be easy. In a small town like this, where everyone lived on top of each other, diplomacy was essential. She'd never been enormously tactful; she had no practice dealing with overly friendly boys. She was secretly relieved to have the desk to herself, that Edward was absent. She told herself this repeatedly, but couldn't get over the nagging suspicion that she was the reason he wasn't there. It was ridiculous and egotistical, Bella thought, to think she could have such an affect on someone. It was impossible. And yet she couldn't help wondering if it were true. When school was finally done, and the blush was fading out of her cheeks after her volleyball incident, Bella changed quickly back into her jeans and navy-blue sweater. She met up with Hattie, apologizing profusely even as the girl laughed it off, and then they headed out—successfully avoiding Bella's retriever friend for the moment. The parking lot was crowded with fleeing students. Bella and Hattie got in the car, set to wait for Beau to join up with them. Hattie was digging through her bag for her phone. "Oh, hey," Hattie murmured, looking over at Bella. "Did you happen to grab the grocery money?" "I think Beau did," Bella responded. She could see Hattie's phone screen from this angle—it was a text from someone called JAKE . "finished reading ur book. pretty rad. what's next?" "Good, do you mind if we stop at the store before heading home?" Hattie asked distractedly, clicking away a response on her phone. "We're getting pretty low on groceries." Someone tapped on the window and Hattie glanced up, unlocking the door for Beau. Then they reversed carefully into the line of cars queuing to exit the parking lot. As they waited, Beau and Hattie chatting about something that happened in art class, Bella tried to pretend she was anywhere else. She noticed the Hale twins, and the three Cullens, getting into a car—it was the shiny Volvo. Of course. She hadn't noticed their clothes before, she'd been too mesmerized by their faces. Now that she looked, it was obvious they were all dressed exceptionally well: simply, but in clothes that subtly hinted at designer origins. With their remarkable good looks, the style with which they carried themselves, they could've worn dish rags and pulled it off. It seemed excessive for them to have good looks and money. That was just the way life worked sometimes, though. Besides, it hadn't seemed to bring them any acceptance here. Bella didn't quite accept that—the isolation must be their desire. She couldn't imagine any door that couldn't be opened with that level of beauty. The Thriftway wasn't that far from school, and the large building was a reprieve for Bella. It was big enough that she couldn't hear the rain tapping away outside. She did the shopping at home and fell easily into the familiar routine, debating with Hattie on which produce seemed the freshest and what was the best deal. When they got home, Bella decided to help her cousin prep dinner—it was something she liked doing, and another familiarity she hadn't enjoyed since coming to Forks. Afterward she went and changed into a pair of dry sweats, pulling her hair into a pony tail, and joined Hattie and Beau at the table doing homework. Before starting, though, she opened the email app on her phone. She had three starred messages—why her mom didn't just text her was beyond Bella's imagination. She'd get a faster response that way. Bella, Renee wrote. Write me as soon as you get in. Tell me all about your flight. Is it raining? I miss you two already. I'm almost finished packing for Florida, but I can't find my pink blouse. Do you know where I put it? Phil says hi. Mom. The second was timestamped eight hours after the first. Bella, she began again. Why haven't you e-mailed me? What are you waiting for? Beau already wrote back. Mom. The last was from this morning. Isabella, if I haven't heard from you by 5:30 p.m. today, I'm calling Charlie.  Bella glanced at the time idly. She still had an hour left, but Renee was well-known for jumping the gun. Mom,  Calm down. I'm writing now. Don't do anything rash.  Bella. After sending it, she began a new email, rolling her eyes. Of course Beau had written Renee as soon as they landed—he was a momma's boy. Bella was close to her too, but not to the extent that Beau was. Mom,   Everything is great. Of course it's raining, it's Forks. I was just waiting for something to write about.  School isn't bad, just repetitive. Beau and I only share a couple classes, but it's alright. I met some nice kids in my other classes.   Your blouse is at the dry cleaner's. You were supposed to pick it up Friday.  I'm sure Beau already told you, but Charlie bought us a truck. Can you believe it? It's old, but really sturdy, which is good, you know, for me. We haven't gotten to drive it yet though. We carpool with our cousin to school to save gas.  I miss you too. I'll write again soon—you know I'd message back faster if you just texted me, right? I'm not checking my email every five minutes. Relax, breathe.  I love you.  Bella. Hattie was putting the steak on to broil when Charlie came in. He must've smelled the food, because he called, "Hattie? Kids?" Who else? Bella thought. "In here, dad," Beau called, sounding amused. "Welcome home." "Thanks." He hung up his gun and stepped out of his boots as Bella continued scratching out her homework. As far as she was aware, he'd never shot the gun on the job. But he kept it ready. When they were younger, he'd always remove the bullets as soon as he walked in the door. She guessed he considered them old enough now not to shoot themselves on accident, and not depressed enough to do it on purpose. "What's for dinner?" he asked Hattie as he wandered in, ruffling Beau's hair along the way. He kissed Hattie's head when he made it to her, but left Bella well enough alone—which she was grateful for. "Aren't you a buncha studious kids. Good on you." "Steak and potatoes," Hattie answered cheerfully. "Good day at work?" They chatted quietly as Bella began tossing a salad for dinner. Beau took this as his cue to clear the table, stacking all their textbooks on the counter instead. The family sat down together around the table, eating quietly for a little bit. None of them were bothered by the silence, it wasn't uncomfortable. In some ways, they were well-suited for living together. "So, how did you like school? Make any friends?" Charlie asked them conversationally as he was taking seconds. Hattie looked up, curiously, too. Beau started talking first. "School was fine. I have almost all my classes with Hattie, so I never get lost. I haven't really made any friends, but everyone is really nice." "Yeah, everybody seems pretty nice," Bella agreed after a moment, thinking, with one outstanding exception. "I have a few classes with a girl named Jessica, and we all sit with her and her friends at lunch. And there's this boy, Mike, who's very friendly." "That must be Mike Newton," Charlie commented. "Nice kid—nice family. His dad owns the sporting goods store just outside town. He even taught Hattie to drive and found her a car." "Yeah, the Newtons are great," Hattie agreed. "But sometimes over friendly." It might've just been her imagination, but Bella thought she saw Hattie smiling slyly at her. "Do you know the Cullens?" Bella asked hesitantly. She didn't know if Hattie had a problem with anyone discussing them, or if it was a Jessica problem. "Dr. Cullen's family? Sure. Dr. Cullen's a great man," Charlie said. "I didn't know you knew the Cullens," Hattie piped in. "You never said anything." "Most people seem to think the kids are a little weird," Beau added, sounding just as hesitant as Bella had. "They don't seem to fit in very well at school." Charlie surprised Bella by looking angry, and she could see that that pleased Hattie. "People in this town," he muttered. "Dr. Cullen is a brilliant surgeon who could probably work in any hospital in the world, make ten times the salary he gets here," he continued, getting louder. "We're lucky to have him—lucky his wife wanted to live in a small town. He's an asset to the community, and all those kids are well-behaved and polite. I had my doubts, when they moved in with all those adopted teenagers. I thought we might have some problems with them. But they're all very mature—I haven't had one speck of trouble from any of them. That's more than I can say for the children of some of the folks who've lived in this town for generations. And they stick together the way a family should—camping trips every other weekend…Just because they're newcomers, people have to talk." It was the longest speech she'd ever heard Charlie make. He must feel strongly about whatever people were saying. Bella could see from the look on Beau's face that he was just as surprised as she was. But Hattie seemed to puff up happily, like a little bird. "That's what I told that Jessica girl," Hattie grumbled. "People are just jealous of them." "Yeah, they seem nice enough," Bella backpedaled. "I just noticed they keep to themselves. They're all very attractive." Beau was nodding along, seeming lost in his own little world—he probably had a crush on one of them, knowing her brother. "You should see the doctor," Charlie said, laughing. "It's a good thing he's happily married. A lot of the nurses have a hard time focusing on their work with him around." They lapsed back into silence easily as they finished eating. Hattie was the first to depart that night, leaving the dishes behind—but she had cooked, so Bella was happy to do the dishes as Beau cleared the table. That night it was finally quiet. Bella fell asleep quickly, exhausted. —x— Hattie, on the other hand, was having trouble sleeping. She sat at her desk, letters spread out before her. Technically, she was supposed to burn them once she was finished reading them. It was a safety mechanism she'd never questioned until now, cut off from her world as she was. But now, she was having a hard time bringing herself to do it. She'd already held onto them longer than she should have. She was sure to keep them with her, so there was no risk of them falling into the wrong hands…but to be honest, Hattie wasn't that worried. She'd been in Forks for six weeks and had yet to run into a single hint of magic. Hattie was more sensitive to it than a lot of her people, since she was trained windlessly—many of the new generation were more sensitive. There was a lot of aura readers (ones who could sense much more than Hattie), and most of the kids Hattie's age could sense the magic surrounding them. It came with the territory of learning wandlessly: you had to feel the magic to use it, after all. Only a few of her acquaintances had been able to write. Luna Lovegood wrote about nargles in Ottery St. Catchpole, and her worry on how to clear them out before there was an infestation. Hattie had long since learned that you had to read between the lines with Luna, and gathered that the war was coming ever closer to the village her friends lived in. Ginny Weasley wrote that her brother, Bill, had gotten married. She spent nearly four inches of parchment describing the wedding, even though from the sound of it, it was tiny and private. She also waxed poetic about a muggle girl in the village, and how she was thinking about getting a job at the local Co-Op now that Bill was moving out. Hermione sent along a small letter about her acceptance into a highly esteemed university. Hattie was thrilled for her friend, though Hermione seemed reluctant to move on from McGonagall. "It fear it all might one day seem a dream," Hermione said, "Were I to move on in the muggle world and never pursue a mastery. I know logically that most of our people think there is no future in the wizarding world…I can't believe that. One day I might have children like me, and the thought that they will only ever experience the secrecy and terror that I have felt these last eleven years—it haunts me. I never want to forget the things McGonagall has taught me. Recently there've been rumors throughout the community about a rebel group called the Order of the Phoenix. A few of our acquaintances are supposedly running it. I'm thinking about seeing what I can offer them." Lastly, Neville Longbottom wrote her. He was a sweet boy. His Gran had tried to set them up, once upon a time—she wasn't one of the few people privy to Hattie's true identity, but Augusta Longbottom was impressed with the power Hattie held. It wasn't that Hattie disliked Neville, just that dating a wizarding boy would have been too stressful. Constant worry about his safety, always having to lie about her identity, never being able to meet up regularly. Neville wrote about the past. He seemed nostalgic for the one time all of her friends had gathered—a celebration. Hattie could remember it like it was yesterday. Even with everything that came after it, she too was nostalgic for those summer days. This was before they realized how dangerous it was to meet up in large groups, before they started hearing word of the regime being able to track magical hotspots. And what's a bigger magical hotspot than a group of fourteen young wizards and their teachers? But it was a celebration of life. Hattie was young then, maybe eleven, not privy to the goings-on of the rebellion. She'd known Severus and McGonagall conspired a lot (a reason she knew Hermione better than some of the other muggleborn wizards), but she hadn't known they'd been actively taking out members of the regime. "Death Eaters," they called themselves. On this particular summer day, the sun glinted low in the sky by the time they'd all gathered. They were celebrating the birth of Cedric Diggory's new sibling, a tiny witch called Cecelia. Hattie still kept a picture of the two siblings pressed between the pages of one of her grimoires. The birth of a wizard was more sacred these days than any other: many families were too scared, too uncertain of the future, to bring new life into the world. Cecelia was revered, a new hope: proof that even in the darkest times, those who were strong could continue pushing for light. Unbeknownst to Hattie, there was more going on. Professor and McGonagall were waiting on news of an infiltration, whispering in low tones to Amos and the other adults. But she never knew at that point. She could see herself, like a snapshot, in the moments before the news came: her hair loose, wild around her head, laughing with the other children. The sun kissed their honeyed cheeks and they lounged, carefree, together. Many of them had met that day for the first time, and many had met for the last time. Professor got a message from one of the rebels in that second, and it was as if all the children could sense the dramatic turn of events. Hattie's perfect snapshot, her laughing face, suddenly snapped. Everyone was panicking. The infiltration had failed—the rebel was captured. The regime was coming. They all had enough forewarning to leave, as quickly and quietly as they came. Nobody from the celebration was harmed that day. Hattie later found out the scene of their celebration was ransacked for any information, but they were too used to secrecy: nothing of importance was left behind. "That day was perfect," Neville wrote nostalgically. "The first half. Cecelia, and all of us together for the first time. Sometimes I think about the Diggorys. In a way they strengthened our spirits in a way nothing else could. I haven't seen Cecelia since that day, though she must be five or six by now—she'll never know Cedric, not how we did. And now her father... And the second half, well, it was a reminder we all needed. Never let your guard down, not even for happiness, not even for the slightest second. Hattie, I miss you." Hattie traced the script of Neville's letter and fought back tears. She'd written replies for her other friends already, but the trashcan in her bedroom was full of crumpled letters meant for Neville. That night, she cried herself to sleep for the first time since coming to Forks. Her dreams were littered with the faces of her friends—some she hadn't seen in years. In the background of every scene she could hear Professor repeating the words of his letter to her: "Be diligent. I will contact you if anything changes."Follows the second 2/3 of Twilight: 2 08. Some days seem to fit together like a stained glass window. A hundred little pieces of different color and mood that, when combined, create a complete picture. ―Maggie Stiefvater The rest of the week was uneventful. They got used to their classes. By Friday, Bella was able to recognize, if not name, almost all the students at school. In gym, the kids on her team learned not to pass her the ball and to quickly step in front of her if the other team tried to take advantage of the weakness. She happily stayed out of their way. Edward Cullen didn't come back to school. Every day, she watched anxiously until the rest of the Cullens entered the cafeteria without him. Then she could relax and join the lunchtime conversation. Mostly it centered around a trip to the La Push Ocean Park in two weeks that Mike was putting together. Hattie was going, seeming to vibrate with pent up excitement whenever it was mentioned. Bella and Beau were invited, of course, and had agreed to go more out of politeness than desire. Beaches should be hot and dry, in her opinion. By Friday she was perfectly comfortable entering her biology class with Hattie, no longer worried that Edward would be there. For all she could guess, he had dropped out of school. She tried not to think about him, but couldn't totally suppress the worry that she was somehow responsible for his continued absence—ridiculous though it seemed. Her first weekend in Forks passed without incident. Charlie, a creature of habit, fished most of the weekend—he invited them along, but Beau and Bella had no desire. Hattie had just waved him off, telling him, "Not this time." Bella cleaned, got ahead on her homework, and wrote Renee another bogusly cheerful email. One thing of note was her first drive in her new truck. She took it to the library, which had been an abysmal experience. It was so poorly stocked she didn't even bother getting a library card—she'd have to visit Olympia or Seattle soon and find a good bookstore. But the truck was great. It was old, and loud, the engine roaring to life when she turned the key in the ignition. By some miracle, the radio worked—a plus that Bella had not expected. The cab had an old-car-smell; like peppermint and tobacco and gasoline. It wasn't entirely unpleasant. It puttered along nicely on the road, though the gas mileage was pretty lacking. (She rethought Seattle, and then wondered if Hattie would go with her.) When Bella complained of the lack of choices at the library, Hattie had offered up her own (still small, still lacking) library. It was mostly young adult fiction, not Bella's usual cup of tea, but she couldn't complain much. The rain stayed soft over the weekend, quiet, so Bella was able to sleep pretty well. Hattie acted strangely melancholy all weekend, reading and rereading a sheaf of loose, thick paper. Beau had caught Bella before she could ask about it, shaking his head warningly. Later they discussed that it was from her friends back home, and Bella could understand how that might make someone melancholy. People greeted them in the parking lot Monday morning. Bella didn't know most of their names, but she waved back and smiled at everybody. It was colder that morning, but happily not raining. In English, Mike took his accustomed seat by her side. They had a pop quiz, but it was straight-forward and easy—though Beau seemed to struggle with it. All in all, Bella felt more comfortable than she could have imagined at this point. More comfortable than she could have imagined ever feeling in Forks. When they walked out of class, the air was full of swirling bits of white. She could hear people shouting excitedly to each other. Bella detested the snow—it bit at her cheeks, her nose. Hattie was pretty excited about it though. As she and Beau headed in the opposite direction, the girl was bouncing around like an over-excited puppy. "Wow," Mike said. "It's snowing!" Bella looked at the little cotton fluffs that were swirling past her face, building up on the sidewalk. "Ew," she muttered. There went her good mood. Mike looked surprised. "Don't you like snow?" "No, that just means it's too cold for rain. Besides, I thought it was supposed to come down in flakes—you know, each one unique and all that. These look like the ends of Q-tips." "Haven't you ever seen snow fall before?" he asked incredulously. "Sure I have." She hesitated. "On TV." While Mike laughed, a big, squishy ball of snow hit the back of his head. They both turned to see where it came from—Bella had her suspicions about Eric. He was walking away, back toward them, in the opposite direction of his next class. Mike apparently had the same notion, because he was already scraping up a pile of the white mush. Bella quickly bid her adieus—she didn't want to be around while the wet stuff was flying. Mike didn't mind, too intent on his paybacks. Throughout the morning, everyone chattered excitedly about the snow. Apparently it was the first snowfall of the new year. Bella kept her mouth shut—sure, it was drier than rain…until it melted in your socks. She walked to the cafeteria with Jessica after Spanish, on high alert. Mush balls were flying everywhere. She kept a binder in her hands as a makeshift shield, which Jessica though was hilarious. Something in Bella's expression kept Jessica from lobbing a snowball at her, though. Mike caught up to them as they walked in the doors, laughing, with ice melting the spikes of his hair. He and Jessica talked animatedly about the snow fight as they got in line to buy food. Out of habit, Bella glanced toward that table in the corner—and froze where she stood. There were six people at the table. She looked down, her ears hot—she had no reason to feel self-conscious, and yet… Jessica was trying to get her attention, asking her what she wanted, but Bella couldn't be bothered anymore. She just felt sick. Instead, she walked slowly to their own table, sitting down heavily next to Beau. "You okay?" her diligent twin asked, moving to feel her forehead. "You look pale." Hattie was also looking concerned, her too-bright eyes flickering over Bella's features. Apparently finding nothing indicating sickness, Hattie unpacked her lunch and slid over some baked chicken. "You didn't eat much breakfast today," the smaller girl explained. "Share my food, please." The concern made her feel a little bubbly, so she did as was requested. As she chewed the chicken slowly, her stomach churned. Twice Mike asked, from down the table, with unnecessary concern, if she was feeling alright. Beau and Hattie made excuses for her, to which Bella was extraordinarily grateful. Though she did wonder if she should play it up a little—escape to the nurse for the next hour. Ridiculous. She shouldn't have to run away—she'd done nothing wrong. Bella decided to permit herself a glance at the Cullen family's table. If he was glaring at her, she would skip biology like the coward she was. She looked from under her lashes at first, inconspicuously, but none of them were looking her way. She lifted her head a little. They were laughing. Edward, Jasper, and Emmett all had their hair entirely saturated with melting snow. Even Edythe hadn't escaped. Alice and Rosalie were leaning away as Emmett shook his dripping hair toward them. They were enjoying the snowy day, just like everyone else—only they looked more like a scene from the movie than the rest of the school. Aside from the laughter and playfulness, there was something different about them. She couldn't quite pinpoint what the difference was. She examined Edward the most carefully. He was less pale, perhaps—flushed from the snow fight maybe—the circles under his eyes less noticeable. She pondered, staring, trying to isolate the change. "Bella, what are you staring at?" Jessica asked. Hattie and Beau both looked over at her, too. At that precise moment, Edward's eyes flashed over to hers. She dropped her head, letting her hair cover her face—but she was sure, in that moment, that he didn't look harsh or unfriendly as he had the last time she'd seen him. He looked merely curious, unsatisfied in some way. Hattie hummed curiously. "Edward Cullen is staring at you." "He doesn't look angry, does he?" Bella demanded of her cousin. "No," Hattie decided, glancing up under her eyelashes as well—looking the perfect spy. "Frustrated, maybe. Curious. Should he be angry?" "I don't think he likes me," Bella confided. She still felt queasy, so she laid her head down on her arm. "I think that they're just shy," Beau offered. "They all seem sort of distant and stand-offish. I wouldn't take it personally." "But he is still staring at you," Hattie offered. "Or Beau, but for some reason I don't think that's the case." "Stop looking at him," Bella hissed. "He can't tell," Hattie told her, shrugging. But she looked away anyways. Mike interrupted then, planning an epic blizzard blowout in the parking lot after school. Bella and Beau shared a long, pained glance, and even Hattie grimaced at the idea. They'd have to hide in the changing room after gym, until the parking lot was clear. For the rest of lunch hour Bella made sure to keep her eyes on her own table. She'd decided to honor the bargain she'd made with herself—Edward Cullen hadn't looked angry, so she'd be going to biology. Her stomach didn't frightened flips at the thought of sitting next to him again. Bella walked with Hattie to class as usual, trying to avoid Mike's puppy-dogging. He seemed to be a popular target for snowball snipers. But as they exited the doors, everyone else seemed groaned in unison—it was raining. The snow was washing away in clear, icy ribbons down the side of the walkway. She put her hood up, secretly pleased. When they got to biology, Bella saw with relief that her table was still empty. Mr. Banner was passing out microscopes and a boxes of slides to each table. Class didn't start for a few minutes, and the room buzzed with conversation. Bella heard clearly when the chair next to her moved, but her eyes stayed focused on her notebook, where she was doodling. "Hello," said a quiet, musical voice. She looked up, stunned that he was speaking to her. He was still sitting as far away as the desk would allow, but his chair was angled toward her. His hair, dripping wet and disheveled, didn't take away from the fact that he looked like he'd just shot a commercial. His dazzling face was open, friendly, a slight smile on his lips—but his eyes were careful. "My name is Edward Cullen," he continued. "I didn't have a chance to introduce myself last week. You must be Bella Swan." Her mind was spinning—had she made the whole thing up? He was perfectly polite now. She had to speak, he was waiting, but she couldn't think of anything conversational to say. "H-how do you know my name?" she stammered. He laughed a soft, enchanting laugh. "Oh, I think everyone knows your name. The whole town has been waiting for you to arrive." Bella grimaced—though she'd expected the answer, it was unsatisfactory. Between the buzz of Charlie's niece coming to stay with him and the buzz of his estranged twin children, she was sure there was a huge commotion surrounding her arrival. "No," she persisted stupidly. "I meant, why did you call me Bella?" He seemed confused. "Do you prefer Isabella?" Her heart thumped hard in her chest at the sound of her name on his lips. "No, I like Bella," she said. "It's just that Charlie—my dad—must call me Isabella behind my back. That's what everyone seems to know me as." Her awkward explanation seemed to confuse him even more, but he let the conversation drop. Thankfully, Mr. Banner decided to use that moment to start the class. She tried to focus on the explanation of the lab they were doing, but it was hard. For one thing, she'd already done a basically identical lab back in Phoenix—and for two, Edward's mere presence was frazzling her brain. "Get started," Mr. Banner instructed. "Ladies first, partner?" Edward asked. She glanced up to see he was grinning a crooked smile so beautiful that Bella could only stare at him like an idiot. "Or I could start, if you wish." His smile had vanished; obviously he was wondering if Bella was mentally competent. "No, I'll go ahead," she said, flushing. He seemed to shift in his chair, but motioned her toward the microscope. She was showing off a little—since she'd done this lab, she knew how to set it up already. Bella snapped the slide in carefully, adjusting the microscope to the correct setting. It was pretty easy to identify. "Prophase," she told him confidently. "Do you mind if I look?" Edward asked. His hand caught hers to stop her from removing the slide. It was ice cold, like he'd been holding them in a snowdrift before class. But that wasn't why she jerked her hand away so quickly. When he touched her, it stung as if an electric current had just passed through them. "I'm sorry," he muttered, pulling his hand back immediately. But he still went for the microscope—he identified it quicker than Bella had, writing prophase in a neat, elegant script on their worksheet. Passing the microscope back and forth, both checking the other's work, they finished before anyone else was near done. Bella could see Mike and his partner comparing two slides over and over again. One group had their book open under their table. Across the room, Hattie was explaining to Angela that one slide was absolutely metaphase—even though the other girl seemed hopelessly lost. She was left with nothing to do but try not to stare at Edward…unsuccessfully. When she looked up, he was staring at her, that same inexplicable look of frustration in his eyes. Suddenly, Bella identified the difference in his face. "Did you get contacts?" she blurted. He seemed puzzled by her unexpected question. "No." "Oh," she mumbled. "I thought there was something different about your eyes." He shrugged and looked away. Even with his blatant denial, Bella was sure there was something different about his eyes. She remembered vividly the dark color: black, like coal, striking against his pale skin. Today, his eyes were a strange, light color—ocher, darker than butterscotch, but with the same golden tone. She didn't understand how that could be, unless he was lying for some reason about the contacts. Or maybe Forks was making her crazy in the literal sense of the word. When Bella looked down, Edward's hands were clenched back into fists. She decided to let it go. Mr. Banner came around eventually and told Edward off for not allowing her the opportunity to learn. Edward defended her—she had identified over half the slides, after all. Bella had to sheepishly explain that she'd done the lab before, with whitefish blastula instead of onion root. After he left, Edward began trying to make small-talk. "It's too bad about the snow, isn't it?" Paranoia swept over Bella—it was like he'd overheard her conversation at lunch with Hattie and Beau and was trying to prove her wrong. "Not really," she responded honestly. She wouldn't pretend to be normal just to please him. "You don't like the cold." It wasn't a question. "Or the wet," Bella confirmed. "Forks must be a difficult place for you to live," Edward mused. "You have no idea…" she muttered darkly. —x— Bella Swan was a true mystery to Edward. Last week, when she passed him on her way to Mr. Banner's desk and he'd caught her scent…he had nearly lost himself. Everything around him ceased to exist—his gaze narrowed in on her slight, pale form. He'd been rude. Better for her to think he hated her than have her dead, though. He spent the entire hour alternately convincing himself not to kill her and thinking up a hundred different ways he could. He wasn't oblivious to her distress. The more he glared, the harder her heartbeat pounded—the harder it became for him to stay near her. He left the room, barely remembering to stay within the frame of human limitation. He went to his sister first, needing her to calm him. They'd had the entire conversation in their heads: her telling him that he was fine, comforting him, that he was strong and willful. That no human girl could best him. Then he would tell her that she couldn't possibly understand. He had nearly broken. Edward spent most of the week in Alaska, hunting freely. His family had called him frequently, each trying to convince him to come home. Even Edythe couldn't get through to him, though. It was Esme who broke him in the end, and thus he was back here again—but even having freshly hunted, sitting next to Bella Swan was the hardest thing he'd ever done. Her face was an open book, but her mind not so much. It was a frustration to him. He was so used to having access to every fleeting thought—even Edythe was beginning to get frustrated. They'd never come across anyone who they couldn't hear. But that was before the Swan twins. Beaufort—Beau—was just as bad. Edward knew Edythe had taken an interest in him, and she was under the impression that she just had to crack his brain open—metaphorically. He'd watched her puzzle him out from afar, concentrating solely on gaining access to his thoughts. Edward was trying a different route. He was utterly fascinated by her. From the way she looked—breathtaking in the way no human should be allowed to be—to the way she spoke, the way she walked. Her quiet disposition had him aching to know more about her. Even Edythe thought this was a bad idea, but he couldn't help it. "Why did you come here, then?" he asked, eyes flickering across the girl's face in curiosity. She was surprised. Edward didn't think anybody had asked her that question before. "It's…complicated," she told him. "I think I can keep up," he pressed, the longing to know everything about her making him even more intense than usual. She hesitated for a long moment, and he wasn't sure he'd get his answer. Then she glanced up, meeting his gaze. Something in his face must have changed her mind. "My mother got remarried." "That doesn't sound so complex," Edward disagreed. He was surprised by the sympathy he felt. She looked sad, and he didn't like the idea that a strange new man had ousted her from her home. "When did that happen?" "Last September." Bella's voice was down-trodden. Her eyes were heavy with sadness. "And you don't like him," he surmised, trying to be gentle. He didn't know why he kept making assumptions. He was just so used to the knowledge his skills gave him that guessing felt better than not knowing. "No, Phil is fine," Bella disagreed. "Too young, maybe, but nice enough." He was lost now. If she liked the step-father, why didn't she just stay with them? He pondered this aloud, invested in her life story. "Phil travels a lot. He plays ball for a living," Bella told him. Her half-smile caused his lips to twitch as well. Edward began wracking his brain for all the baseball players he knew with the name Phil—there were too many for him to narrow down. "Have I heard of him?" he asked instead, smiling unconsciously. "Probably not. He doesn't play well. Strictly minor league—he moves around a lot." Ah—finally. To the bottom of it. "And your mother sent you here so she could travel with him." A selfish move, if understandable. But Bella's chin raised defiantly. "No, she did not send us here. We sent ourselves." He could feel his eyebrows knit together. "I don't understand," he said honestly. He was frustrated by this…not being able to read her was driving him insane. He heard her sigh. Now she sounded frustrated too, but he was curious still. "She stayed with Beau and I at first," Bella began. "But she missed Phil. She was unhappy, and Beau and I could tell. So we decided to spend some quality time with Charlie. It worked out perfect that our cousin happened to be here, too." Her cousin. Hattie. Another frustrating teenager—perhaps, in some ways, more frustrating than the Swan twins. Edward ran his hand through his tousled hair. Sometimes he wondered if Hattie was entirely sane. Her mind wasn't closed to him, necessarily, just…jumbled. Or staticky, maybe. He couldn't make sense of anything within it, it was sort of muted, like it was underwater. Every once in a while he could hear a clear statement: right now, for example. …letter…Edward…unhappy. He'd thought at first he could add the statements up and they'd make sense, but they never did. What letter, what did it have to do with Edward, who was unhappy? Most of the time he just tuned her out. Edythe had made a game of it though. She'd been frustrated when the more she tried to understand Hattie's thoughts, the harder it became—static gave way to high pitched white noise, alarms possibly, and the uncanny feeling of danger. He shook himself back into the present, staring at Bella. "But now you're unhappy," he pointed out. "And?" she challenged. "That doesn't seem fair." She gave a laugh that was entirely too bitter for a girl like Bella. "Hasn't anyone ever told you? Life's not fair." They bantered some more back and forth—Bella seemed insistent on playing the martyr. Even though she was unhappy, she stayed here to allow her mother to be happy. "Why does it matter to you?" Bella finally asked, sounding irritated. He hesitated—this was a question he'd asked himself a thousand times. "That's a very good question," he responded, almost to himself. —x— Beau, Hattie, and Bella gathered in the gymnasium as the majority of one team—which was pretty easy as nobody else was brave enough to have the Swans on their team. Mike was also on their team, and between him and Hattie they managed to cover all of the positions. The rain was a mist as Hattie and Bella walked to the car. Hattie jiggled around with the keys and managed to get the heat roaring before too long as they relaxed, waiting for Beau to join them. "Edward Cullen was pretty nice to you today," Hattie commented, flicking through her phone. "Big turnaround from last Monday." Bella found herself blushing, as if she were on trial. "Yeah, I guess so. Maybe you were right and he was in pain or something." Hattie hummed idly, tapping out a text. Bella caught sight of a lone figure, three cars down from her. Edward Cullen, still and white against the hood of his Volvo—staring intently in her direction. Beau joined them and Bella urged her cousin to exit the lot. The usually speedy girl seemed sloth-like to Bella, who wanted to get away from Edward's burning gaze. As they peeled away, Bella could've sworn she saw him laughing.Follows the storyline of Twilight: 3 *Slightly darker take on the accident-more notes on this at the bottom 09. "It's gonna be okay," I said. It was the first time in a long time that I believed it. "It will." ―Sarah Dessen When she opened her eyes in the morning, something was different. It was the light. It was still the grey-green light of a cloudy day in the forest, but it was clearer somehow. Bella realized there was no fog veiling her window. She jumped up to look outside and groaned in horror. A fine layer of snow had covered the yard, dusting the top of her truck, Hattie's car, and the road. But that wasn't the worst part. All the rain from yesterday had frozen solid, coating the needles on the trees in fantastic, gorgeous patterns, and making the driveway a deadly ice slick. Bella had enough trouble not falling down when the ground was dry; it might be safer for her to go back to bed now. Charlie had already left for work when Bella got downstairs. Likewise, her brother and cousin were waiting on her, breakfast eaten. They were discussing the English assignment and Beau was moaning about how he needed to go talk to his Chemistry teacher before classes started. Hattie had somehow known that Bella was going to be running late, because there was a plate set full of still-warm breakfast. Bella gratefully gulped it down. She was excited to go to school, and that scared her. She knew it wasn't the stimulating environment that she was anticipating—nor was it her new set of friends. If she was being honest with herself, she knew that she was eager to get to school because she would see Edward Cullen. And that was very, very stupid. She should be avoiding him entirely after her inane, endless babbling yesterday. And she was still suspicious of him; why would he lie about his eyes? She was still frightened by the hostility she sometimes felt emanating from him, and tongue-tied when she pictured his perfect face. Bella was well aware that her league and his league were spheres that did not touch. So, she shouldn't be anxious about seeing him today. It took every ounce of her concentration, combined with Hattie's somehow extraordinary reflexes, to make it down the icy driveway. They both made it to Hattie's small car with only a few spooky slides. They scrambled into their seats, laughing wildly as they watched Beau try to make his way down—eventually the tall boy took a fall, and as he grumbled to himself (obviously wounded only in pride), they roared even harder. On the drive to school, Bella distracted herself from thoughts of Edward Cullen and Hattie's slow, careful driving by thinking about Mike and Eric. There was an obvious difference to how teenage boys responded to her here. She was sure she looked exactly the same as she had in Phoenix. Maybe it was that the boys there had watched her go through her awkward adolescent phases and still thought of her that way. Or maybe it was that she was a novelty here, where novelties were few and far between. Though Hattie didn't seem to have that problem, Bella got the feeling that the girl had somehow gotten rid of the boys: neither Eric nor Mike gave her so much as an over-friendly glance. All their correspondence with her was straight and to the point. Possibly Bella's crippling clumsiness was seen as endearing here, rather than pathetic, casting her as a damsel in distress. Whatever the reason, Mike's puppy dog behavior and Eric's apparent rivalry with him were disconcerting. She wondered if she should take a page out of Hattie's book and somehow get rid of them. Hattie's car seemed to have no problem with the icy roads, thanks in part to the chains Charlie had had the foresight to install. They didn't so much as fish-tail around a curve. Still, the girl drove slowly, fingers clenched tightly around the steering wheel. When the trio arrived at school, Beau escaped the car hurriedly. He called out the same excuse about needing to talk to his chemistry teacher—his getaway was a slow but steady hobble across the icy parking lot. Bella stood by the back corner of the car, waiting for Hattie so that they could go to class together. She felt she had more of a chance making it to English unscathed if her cousin was holding her elbow. It was as Hattie joined her and they prepared to leave for class that the girls heard an odd sound. It was a high-pitched screech, and it was fast becoming painfully loud. They both glanced up, startled. Bella saw several things simultaneously. Nothing was moving in slow motion, the way it did in movies. Instead, the adrenaline rush seemed to make her brain work much faster, and she was able to absorb in clear detail several things at once. Edward Cullen was standing four cars down from them, staring at her in horror. His face stood out from a sea of faces, all frozen in the same mask of shock. Beau, further up the parking lot, had turned to look for the noise and upon seeing the cause, dropped his things, screaming as he began to make his way back toward them. But of more immediate importance was the dark blue van that was skidding, tires locked and squealing against the brakes, spinning wildly across the ice of the parking lot. It was going to hit the back quadrant of Hattie's car—and the duo was standing between them. Bella didn't even have time to close her eyes, though she felt Hattie's entire body tensing up in preparation. Just before she heard the shattering crunch of the van folding around the truck bed, something hit her—but not from the direction she expected. Her head cracked against the icy blacktop, something solid and cold pinning her to the ground. She was laying on the pavement behind the tan car Hattie had parked next to. But she didn't have time to notice anything else—all she could see was the van, still coming. A low oath in front of her made her aware that someone else was there, and the voice was impossible not to recognize. Two long, white hands shot out protectively, and the van shuddered to a stop before her. His large hands fit perfectly into a deep dent in the side of the van's body. The hands moved so fast they blurred. One was suddenly gripping under the body of the van, and something was dragging her, swinging her legs around like a rag doll's till they hit the tire of the tan car. A groaning metallic thud hurt her ears, and the van settled, glass popping, onto the asphalt—exactly where, a second ago, her legs had rested. It was silent for one long second, and then the screaming began. In the sudden bedlam, Bella could hear more than one person calling for her and Hattie. But more clearly than all the yelling was Edward's low, frantic voice. "Shit, shit, shit," he was cursing. His hands were a little shaky. "Bella, are you alright?" "I'm fine," she groaned. Her voice sounded strange to her ears, and she sat up slowly. His hands were no longer pinning her down, instead his back was to her. "Be careful, I think you hit your head pretty hard," he warned, but his voice was tight. Bella touched her head, which did indeed ache. She was trying to figure out what was going on, why he was still swearing in that beautiful voice of his, when she saw two thin, legging-clad legs. Hattie. This was when the scent of blood hit her: metallic, almost coppery. She abruptly grew nauseous, shaking herself to remain conscious. The thick red fluid was oozing through the snow, originating from Hattie's prone form. "Oh my god," Bella realized why Edward was swearing so much, why his hands were so shaky. "Oh, my god, Edward, oh my god. Oh my god." She was vaguely aware that she must be going into shock. Tears blurred her vision. She was shivering, partly from the cold, mostly from upset—hard shivers wracked her body as she looked at Edward, hovering over her small cousin. "She's alive," Edward was telling her. "Bella, calm down, you're in shock. Bella, she's going to be okay." He came toward her, using his bloodied hands to hold her face still. He forced her to meet his gaze. "Take deep breaths," he ordered. His normally honey-colored eyes were dark, nearly black. "Focus on me. Take deep breaths." But Bella was hysterical. She shivered harder now, having a hard time focusing on anything other than the red that was slowly creeping closer to her. But the thought crossed her mind, she'd seen him—four cars down. "H-how did you get here so fast?" she demanded through her shivers. "Bella, I was standing right next to you," Edward insisted, tying his scarf around her neck. She pushed his hands away, the sight of the crusted blood making her feel even sicker. And then they found them. Beau was at the head of the crowd, his tear-coated face taking in the scene with horror. Bella had the sudden, overwhelming urge that she needed him, needed him like a child needs her mother. But he couldn't get to her. "Beau," she moaned, shifting as if she were going to try and stand up. "Don't move!" someone shouted. "Get Tyler out of the van!" said someone else. There was a flurry of activity around them, and Bella tried to stand shakily. She was disoriented from all the blood and adrenaline running through her. Edward shoved her back down. "Just stay put," he insisted. "I'm c-c-cold," Bella stuttered, wiping at her eyes. Her hands came away pink from the blood he'd deposited on her cheeks. "You were o-over there," she suddenly remembered. "By your c-car." His soft, slightly panicked expression turned hard. "No, I wasn't." "I saw you." All around them was chaos. She could hear the gruffer voices of adults arriving on the scene, she could see someone pulling Beau away from the scene. He was having a melt-down. Still, she held on to the argument. She knew she was right, and he was going to admit it. "Bella, I was standing with you and pulled you out of the way." As he said it, he unleashed the full, devastating power of his dark eyes on Bella—but he couldn't hold it long. Sorrow won out as he gazed back at Hattie again. Bella couldn't make herself look, lest she panic again at the sight of her tiny cousin's body. She looked like a corpse. "No," she set her jaw hard. His eyes blazed. "Please, Bella." He sounded desperate. "Why?" she demanded. "Trust me," he pleaded, his soft voice overwhelming. But she couldn't leave it be. "Promise me you'll explain everything later." "Fine," he snapped, with half-hearted exasperation. "Fine," Bella repeated, staring down at his sullied hands. It took six EMTs and two teachers—Mr. Varner and Coach Clapp—to shift the van far enough away from them to bring the stretchers in. Edward vehemently refused his, and Bella tried to do the same, but the traitor told them she'd hit her head and probably had a concussion. If she hadn't been so focused on watching them lay Hattie's prone form out on her stretcher, Bella probably would have died of embarrassment from the neck brace they forced her into. It looked like the whole school was there, watching soberly as the EMTs loaded Hattie and Bella into the back of the ambulances. Edward got to ride in the front. It was maddening. Beau had struggled himself to his feet, face covered in tears, with the help of Mike. Bella had never felt fonder of the puppy dog-like boy. Beau held onto Bella's hand like a lifeline until she waved him off to ride with Hattie. "She needs you more," Bella told him, throat thick. "I have Edward." To make matters worse, Chief Swan arrived before they could get her away safely. "Bella!" he yelled in panic when he recognized her on the stretcher. "I'm completely fine, Char—Dad," she sighed. "There's nothing wrong with me." "Where's Hattie? Beau?" he demanded of her. His eyes were wild with a sort of panic she'd never seen on him. At Hattie's name, Bella teared back up again. "Beau's with Hattie. He—he wasn't part of it," Bella began. "Hattie's ambulance already left. Dad—I'm scared for her." The panic left his eyes, replaced by a dull resolution. She didn't like the look, but she was too busy with her own mental health to deal with her father's. As he turned to consult the closest EMT for a second opinion, Bella tuned him out. She tried to get control over her emotions. In an attempt to take her mind off Hattie, she gave in to the jumble of inexplicable images churning chaotically in her head. When they'd lifted her away from the car, she had seen the deep dent in the tan car's bumper—a very distinctive dent that fit the contours of Edward's shoulders…as if he'd braced himself against the car with enough force to damage the metal frame… His family had, astonishingly, been absent when they cleared the wreckage—as if they had no concern for their brother's safety. She tried to think of a logical explanation for what she'd just seen—a solution that excluded the assumption that she was insane. Naturally the ambulance got a police escort to the county hospital. Bella felt ridiculous the whole time they were unloading her, asking open-ended, unanswered questions about Hattie. What made the whole thing worse was Edward simply glided through the hospital doors under his own power. They put Bella in the emergency room, a long room with a line of beds separated by pastel curtains. Hattie was nowhere to be seen. A nurse put a blood pressure cuff on Bella and a thermometer under her tongue. Since no one bothered to pull the curtain to give her any privacy, she decided she wasn't obligated to wear the stupid-looking neck brace anymore. When the nurse walked away, she quickly unfastened the Velcro and threw it under the bed. There was another flurry of hospital personnel and Bella perked up, hoping it was Hattie, but she recognized Tyler Crowley from underneath the bloodstained bandages instead. Tyler looked a hundred times worse than how Bella felt, but at least he was conscious. He was staring anxiously at Bella. "Bella, I'm so sorry!" he cried. "Where's Hattie, is she okay?" "I'm fine, Tyler—I don't know where Hattie is. Edward said she was going to be okay, though." As they spoke, the nurses began unwrapping his soiled bandages, exposing a myriad of shallow slices across his cheek and forehead. Her words seemed to make him feel worse, and he wailed, "I thought I was going to kill you guys! I was going too fast, and I hit the ice wrong…" he winced as one nurse started dabbing at his face. "You missed me," Bella said, her voice a little bitter. Somehow, she found she couldn't forgive him, though physically she was fine. "How did you get out of the way so fast? You were there with Hattie, and then you were gone…" The connotation was that Hattie was still there. Edward pulled Bella out of the way, but had left Hattie to fend for herself—a prickle of anger burst through Bella's mind. "Edward pulled me out of the way." She said, shortly. Tyler looked confused. "Who?" "Edward Cullen—he was standing next to me." She had always been a terrible liar, but her blunt, angry tone was more convincing than she could've hoped for. "Cullen? I didn't see him…wow, it was all so fast. Is he okay?" "I guess so," Bella told him. "He's here somewhere, but they didn't make him use a stretcher." She knew she wasn't crazy. What had happened? There was no way to explain what she saw. They wheeled her away then, to X-Ray her head. A technician wiped the blood on her face away with alcohol pads, and she was told there was nothing wrong with her. Not even a concussion. She asked if she could leave, but the nurse said Bella had to talk to a doctor first. When she arrived back in the ER, she could happily ignore Tyler's constant apologies and promises to make it up to her—because Hattie was there. She was a few beds down, pale and still unconscious, and Beau was by her side. He held her hand and was hunched over her bed, wrapped in a thick orange blanket. "He's in shock," a musical voice told her. Her eyes snapped up to meet Edward's. He was standing at the foot of her bed, looking sorrowfully at Hattie's form. Bella glared at him. It wasn't easy—it'd be more natural to ogle—but she got the feeling he could've saved Hattie the way he'd saved her. "Hey, Edward, I'm really sorry—" Tyler began. Edward lifted a hand and stopped him. "No blood, no foul," he said, flashing his brilliant teeth. She and Edward both examined the outstretched hand, no doubt both remembering that it had been covered in blood not forty minutes ago. He moved to sit on the edge of Tyler's bed, facing Bella. He smirked half-heartedly. "So, what's the verdict?" he asked her. "There's nothing wrong with me, but they won't let me go," she complained. "How come you're not strapped to a gurney like the rest of us?" "It's all about who you know," he answered. "But don't worry, I came to spring you." Then a doctor walked around the corner, and Bella fought not to drop her jaw. He was young, he was blond…and he was more handsome than any movie star she'd ever seen. He was pale, though, tired-looking, with circles under his eyes. From Charlie's description, this had to be Edward's father. "So, Miss Swan," Dr. Cullen said in a remarkably appealing voice. "How are you feeling?" "I'm fine," she said, for the last time—she hoped. He walked to the lightboard on the wall above her head and turned it on. "Your X-Rays look good," he said. "Does your head hurt? Edward said you hit it pretty hard." The doctor's cool fingers probed lightly along her skull. He noticed when she winced. "Tender?" he asked. "Not really." She'd had worse. The doctor gave her the all clear, but told her to come back if she felt dizzy or had trouble with her eyesight. He recommended that she went home, but all she wanted to do was interrogate Edward and then join her family at the other end of the ER. She hopped off the bed, too quickly, and staggered. Dr. Cullen caught her, looking concerned. "I'm fine," she assured him. No need to tell him her balance problems had nothing to do with hitting her head. "Take some Tylenol for the pain," he suggested as he steadied her. "It doesn't hurt that bad," Bella insisted. "It sounds like you were extremely lucky," Dr. Cullen said, smiling as he signed her chart with a flourish. "Lucky Edward happened to be standing right next to me," she amended with a hard glance at the subject of her statement. "Oh, well, yes," Dr. Cullen agreed, suddenly occupied with the papers in front of him. Then he looked away, at Tyler. Bella's intuition flickered; the doctor was in on it. As soon as the doctor's back was turned, she moved to Edward's side. "Can I talk to you for a minute?" she hissed under her breath. She could see Charlie joining Hattie and Beau and wanted to talk to Edward before her father noticed her. "Your family is waiting for you," Edward said, through his teeth. She glanced at Dr. Cullen and Tyler. "I'd like to speak to you alone, if you don't mind." He glared, then turned his back and strode down the long room. She nearly had to run to keep up. As soon as they turned the corner into a short hallway, he spun around to face her. "What do you want?" he asked, sounding annoyed. His eyes were cold, vacant—he was elsewhere. Still, his unfriendliness intimidated her. Her words came out with less severity than she'd intended. "You owe me an explanation." She reminded him. "I saved your life—I don't owe you anything." She flinched back from the resentment in his voice. Then she rounded on him angrily. "Yeah, you saved my life, but a whole lot of good that did Hattie. Besides, you promised." Her cousin's name seemed to distress Edward, but he held firm. "Bella, you hit your head—you don't know what you're talking about." Her temper flared, and she glared defiantly. "There's nothing wrong with my head." He glared back. "What do you want from me, Bella?" "I want to know the truth," she said. "I want to know why I'm walking around perfectly fine and Hattie is unconscious in a hospital bed. I want to know why I'm lying for you." "What do you think happened?" Edward asked, voice only slightly softer. It came out in a rush. "All I know was you weren't anywhere near me—Tyler didn't see you, either, so don't tell me I hit my head too hard. That van was going to crush Hattie and I both—and it didn't. And your hands left dents in the side of it—and you left a dent in the other car, and you're not hurt at all—and the van should've smashed my legs, but you were holding it up…" she could hear how crazy it sounded and couldn't continue on in that strain. She was so mad, so scared, that she could feel tears filling her eyes. She tried to force them back, but she kept remembering Hattie. He was staring at her, half-incredulous, but also with such a tender, heartbreaking look that she couldn't stand it. Still, he said, defensively: "You think I lifted a van off you?" His tone questioned her sanity, but it only made her more suspicious. It was a perfectly delivered line by a skilled actor. She nodded once, jaw tight. "Nobody will believe that, you know." His voice held an edge of derision now. "I'm not going to tell anybody." Each word was said slowly and punctually. She was carefully controlling her anger. Surprise flitted across his face. "Then why does it matter?" "It matters to me," she insisted. "I don't like to lie—so there better be a good reason why I'm doing it." "Can't you just thank me and get over it?" Anger tore through her again and she gave him a look that would kill a lesser man. "Thank you," she said, sarcastically. "You're not going to let it go, are you?" "No." "In that case…I hope you enjoy disappointment." They scowled at each other in silence. Bella thought of a dozen different ways to throw Hattie's condition at him, a thousand ways to try and guilt him into telling her the truth. She was the first to speak and she tried desperately to keep her focus. She was in danger of being distracted by his livid, glorious face. It was like trying to stare down a destroying angel. "Why did you even bother?" she asked, frigidly. "Why did I matter so much more than Hattie?" He paused, and for a brief moment his stunning face was unexpectedly vulnerable. "I don't know," he whispered. And then he turned his back and walked away. She was so angry, it took her a minute until she could move. When she could, she slowly made her way back to the ER and joined her family there. Hattie's fragile body was even more unpleasant up close, and Bella had to swallow thickly as she neared. Charlie looked up as she approached, opening his mouth. She put her hands up. "There's nothing wrong with me." She assured him sullenly. She was still aggravated. "What did the doctor say?" "Dr. Cullen saw me, and he said I was fine and I could go home. I'd rather be here with you guys, though." Charlie pulled up a chair for her, pushing her down into it. Beau was dead asleep hunched over Hattie's legs; the tear tracks were dry across his cheeks now. "I was so scared, dad," Bella told him quietly. She wasn't used to expressing her emotions like this. "When I saw her laying there." "She's gonna be alright," Charlie assured her. "But for the record, you two scared the crap outta me." Bella laughed a little. "So, what'd they say about her?" "Well she's pretty beat up, but nothing severe. A bit of road rash, but most of the blood came from a split on the back of her head. She broke her elbow. And you're gonna have to drive for a while—her car's totaled." Bella took it all in with a nod. There had seemed to be so much blood—but in the close quarters, with all the panic that was running through her body, there probably wasn't nearly as much as she'd thought. "Oh, and Bells? You're gonna have to call Renee." "You told her?!" Her mom was hysterical. She had to tell Renee at least thirty times that she was fine—and still her mom begged them to come home, forgetting the fact that home was empty at the moment. Her pleas were easier to resist than Bella thought they would be. She was consumed by the mystery Edward presented, and more than a little obsessed with him. Stupid, stupid, stupid. She wasn't nearly as eager to escape Forks as she should be, as any sane person would be. That night Charlie drove them all home in the cruiser. Beau and Bella were stretched out in the backseat, tired despite the napping they'd done in the hospital. Hattie was tucked in the passenger seat, high as a kite on all the medicine they'd pumped into her. Bella took three Tylenols that night and they did ease the pain. She headed up to her loft, alone—Hattie was staying in Beau's room for the night, for Charlie's peace of mind. Beau looked awfully funny with his tall frame crunched up on the couch. That was the first night Bella dreamt of Edward Cullen. Thank you for reading! :) If you have any questions, feel free to leave them below and I'll answer as soon as I can.- The Edward not saving Hattie thing is going to be brought up in at least a few other chapters, but mostly Hattie was hurt to bring her closer to Bella and Beau.- As for why Hattie didn't just magic herself out of the way-this is an AU where she isn't accustomed to fighting, but has been trained to hide her magic instead.- And why Edward didn't attack her... it WILL be explained in a future chapter, but it's not really a spoiler. Wizards don't smell like food to vampires (in my head, drinking wizard blood would be like eating flowers...you CAN do it, but it's not usually the tastiest thing). Also, this starts an arch in the story which isn't really that long (about 6 weeks?) but it spans 12 chapters :)I started writing the New Moon portion of this story, and decided to add dates for ease. I wish I had for the Twilight portion because I would frequently forget how long it had been since an event and have to go back and recount!Follows the storyline of Twilight: 4 10. "What does it mean?"  "If she told you," Sam said, "it wouldn't mean anything." ―Gregory Scott Katsoulis Dear Severus,  I thought it pertinent that I let you know I was in an accident. I am fine now, however a bit worse for wear. A vehicle hit me on an icy day. It looked rather dramatic, but truthfully I was only minorly injured.   There's a quite a large split on the back of my head, but the true issue is my broken elbow. Because it was a very public event I shall have to heal as a muggle. This will delay my business by at least several weeks.  I admit it would be comforting to hear from you, as the occurrence has quite shaken me.   Merry part,  Hattie —x— The weeks that followed were rough, uneasy—and at first, embarrassing, for everyone involved. When Hattie came down off the drugs they'd had her on, not only had she been in pain but she'd been heartbroken over the loss of her beloved car. It was totaled. The Swans' truck, with its heavy, solid frame might've been able to withstand the force of Tyler's van—but her car certainly had not been able to. The whole rear panel was smashed inward and the force of it had shattered her windshields and deployed her airbags. When Hattie calmed from that stressor, she couldn't fathom how Bella had remained unscathed and how she was still standing. Bella had explained that Edward pulled her out of the way and the small girl wracked her brain, but couldn't remember much. She'd hit her head a lot harder than Bella had, as evidence by the shaved patch on the back of her head, covered with stitches. The crash had changed something in Beau, too. He was constantly hovering over Hattie and, to a lesser extent, Bella. Sometimes when Bella came in the house whilst he was asleep she heard him having nightmares and crying their names. Bella herself was alright. The ache in her head only lasted a couple of days. They couldn't quite move on from the effects of the accident so quickly, though. Hattie's whole arm, from her shoulder to her wrist, was in a cast. She needed help getting dressed, help carrying things, help doing simple things like putting her hair in a ponytail. Bella even took over cooking for the household whilst Hattie was out of commission. They all returned to school the following day, though Hattie had to take it pretty slow. She ended up having to go lie down in the nurse's office when the pain in her head got to be too much. To Bella's dismay, they quickly found themselves at the center of attention the rest of that week. Tyler Crowley was impossible. He followed her around, obsessed with making amends—when he wasn't bothering Bella, he was bothering Hattie. Beau could be seen telling him off whenever he came too close to the smaller girl, but it didn't deter him completely. Bella tried to convince him that he should just forget about it where she was concerned—especially since nothing had actually happened to her—but he remained insistent. He made a pattern of alternately tailing Bella and Hattie between classes. Somehow, he always managed to catch Hattie when Beau wasn't around—Bella wondered if Tyler was getting someone to distract her brother. He even made a point of sitting at their now crowded lunch table. Mike and Eric were even less friendly toward him than they were towards each other, which made Bella worry they'd gained another unwelcome fan. Even Mike and Eric had used the accident to their advantage. Suddenly, whatever Hattie had done to get them off her tail was thrown out the window. They were accosting her after class, helping her carry her books, warming her lunch up for her. They didn't take 'no' for an answer. Nobody seemed concerned about Edward, though Bella tried explaining that he was the hero—he'd pulled her out of the way and had nearly been crushed, too. Everyone, even Beau, always commented that they hadn't even seen him till the van was pulled away. Bella wondered to herself why nobody else had seen him standing so far away, before he was suddenly, impossibly saving her life. With chagrin, she realized the probable cause—no one else was as aware of Edward as she always was. No one else watched him the way she did. Possibly Hattie had seen him, but that did Bella little good. Between the huge hit she'd taken and her proceeding her unconsciousness, Hattie didn't believe most of her memories in the seconds leading up to the accident. Even if Bella tried to insist, Hattie would likely go along with anything anyone told her. Edward was never surrounded by crowds of curious bystanders eager for his firsthand account. People avoided him as usual. The Cullens and the Hales sat at the same table as always, eating in that same, slow, peculiar way of theirs. None of them, especially Edward, looked her way anymore. When he sat next to her in class, as far away as the table would allow, he seemed totally unaware of her presence. Only now and then, when his fists would suddenly ball up—skin stretched even whiter over the bones—did Bella wonder if he wasn't quite as oblivious as he appeared. He wished he hadn't pulled her from the path of Tyler's van—or perhaps he regretted not saving Hattie, too. There were no other conclusions Bella could come to. Bella wanted very much to talk to him, and the day after the accident she'd tried. The last time she'd seen him, outside the ER, they'd both been so furious. She was still angry that he wouldn't trust her with the truth, even though she was keeping her side of the bargain flawlessly. But he had in fact saved her life, no matter how he'd done it. Overnight, the heat of her anger had faded away with the help of her relief at Hattie's condition. Soon she was awed into immense gratitude. He was already seated by the time Bella got to biology, laying Hattie's books on her lab table. She sat down, expecting him to turn toward her. He showed no sign that he realized she was there. "Hello, Edward," she'd greeted pleasantly, trying to show that she was going to behave herself. But he just turned his head a fraction of an inch and nodded once, without meeting her gaze. Then he looked the other way. That was the last contact she had with him, though he was there—a foot away—every day. She watched him sometimes, unable to stop herself—from a distance, though, in the cafeteria or the parking lot. Every day his golden eyes grew predictably darker. But in class, she gave no more notice that he existed than he showed toward her. She was miserable, and her dreams of him continued. Despite her misery, her newfound place in Forks was not quite as disheartening as she'd feared. She had a routine, a handful of friends. She was growing ever closer to Hattie, even. (This was no doubt aided by the fact that Bella helped dress the girl every day. It was hard not to bond with someone whose bra you clasped each morning.) She lied a little bit to Renee, and despite the tenor of her emails her mother assumed Bella was depressed. She called a few times, worried, and when Bella didn't show any signs of depression Renee tried to pester Beau about it. Even he couldn't fully convince her that Bella was happy, though he tried. Mike, at least, seemed pleased by the obvious coolness between Bella and her lab partner. He grew more confident each day, sitting on the edge of her table to talk before biology class started. He ignored Edward as completely as Edward ignored them. —x— Those weeks with her cast on and the stitches in her head were the hardest for Hattie. She'd never had to endure an injury this long—the folly of living closely with muggles. Her vulnerability scared her. She hated relying on her cousins and the people surrounding them for anything. Bella was especially nice about the situation. Hattie still wasn't entirely comfortable allowing Bella to help her get dressed, but it wasn't as dreaded as it had been the first day when she realized. Hattie could probably figure out how to dress herself with magic, but it would be suspicious. After all, she could barely move her casted arm (the entire point of the cast) so while she might be able to wiggle a top on, there was no way she could get a bra on. Beau tried hard to make sure Hattie was never alone, but somehow that Crowley boy kept managing to drag him off and take advantage of the situation. Hattie had told Mike and Eric off during her first week of classes and it had worked thus far, but now they were back in full force. It was with relief that now, they split their time between her and Bella, so at least Hattie got a reprieve. After the accident she'd sent out her letters to her friends, with new additions to Severus about her current state of being. She, admittedly, complained about having to put on the show of healing the muggle way. With X-Rays of her elbow every two weeks to ensure she didn't need surgery, she couldn't very well heal herself within the cast. Thus, she put up with the aches and pains that went along with a broken elbow. It was only when Jacob started calling her nonstop that she realized she should talk to him, too. Apparently, Charlie had confided his worries in Billy, who informed Jacob, who panicked. He called her the second night after her accident, talking rapidly. She'd assured him over and over that she was fine now, in very little pain (a white lie—she'd taken a pain-relieving potion). That was the first night she fell asleep on the phone with him. It certainly wasn't the last. The snow washed away for good after that one dangerously icy day. The other students were disappointed at never having gotten to stage their giant snowball fight. Hattie would be happy if she never saw snow again. Now that the weather was getting warmer, Mike was continuing to plan his beach trip, which Hattie was very excited about. She hoped to surprise Jacob, whom she hadn't seen in entirely too long. Bella complained to her on the first Tuesday in March about a tradition she'd just been informed of—the girl's choice spring dance, which was in two weeks. Hattie had never been to a dance herself, but imagining the night left her a little breathless…and irritated about being in a cast. Clearly, though, Bella wasn't planning on going. She told Hattie it was tempting fate, trying to dance with as clumsy as she was. Hattie wanted to go, and badly. She loved to dance, and the excuse to dress up in a pretty dress and be escorted by a handsome boy…it was like a scene out of a movie. She wanted to feel like a princess, even if only for one night. But Hattie resigned herself to staying home that night. She didn't want to lead anybody on, especially not one of her unwelcome fanboys—and there was nobody at Forks High School that she wanted to go to the dance with. —x— Bella was irritated. She should've known this would happen to her. Jessica had called her on Tuesday seeking permission to ask Mike to the dance. "You're sure you don't mind? You weren't planning on asking him?" Jessica persisted, when Bella told her she didn't mind in the least. "No, Jess, I'm not going," Bella assured her. Dancing was, after all, out of her range of abilities. "It will be really fun." Jessica's attempt to convince Bella was half-hearted. (Bella suspected that Jessica enjoyed her inexplicable popularity more than her actual company.) "You have fun with Mike," Bella encouraged, instead of answering. But the next day at school, Jessica wasn't her normal gushing self. She was silent as they walked together between classes, and at lunch she sat as far away from Mike as possible. Mike, too, was unusually quiet. Bella found out why in biology—the uncomfortable look on Mike's face changed to resolution as they took up their usual positions. Bella was in her seat and he was perched on the edge of her desk. "So," Mike began. Even with his resolved look, his gaze was on the floor. "Jessica asked me to go to the spring dance." "That's great!" Bella said, trying to emulate Hattie's chirpy, cheerful tone. "You'll have a lot of fun with Jessica." "Well…" he floundered a bit, clearly not happy with Bella's response. "I told her I had to think about it." "Why would you do that?" Bella let disapproval color her tone, though she was relieved he hadn't given her an absolute 'no'. "I was wondering if…well, if you might be planning to ask me." Bella paused, hating the wave of guilt that swept through her. Why couldn't he just leave her be? She saw, from the corner of her eye, Edward's head tilt reflexively toward them. "Mike," she said slowly. "I really think you should tell her yes." "Did you already ask someone?" Mike asked. Did Edward notice how Mike's eyes flickered in his direction? "No," Bella assured him quickly. "I'm not going to the dance at all." "Why not?" Mike demanded. Bella really didn't want to get into the hazards that danced presented, so she quickly wracked her brain for a new plan. "I'm going to Seattle that Saturday," she explained carefully. She needed to get out of town, anyways—Hattie's book collection had been devoured and Bella needed some books that were more her speed. Plus, it might be nice to splurge on some new clothes…ones more fit for Forks' climate. Saturday started to look like the perfect time to go—she actually found herself looking forward to it. (And cursing that Hattie's car had been totaled, as she cringed to think of the gas mileage her truck got.) "Is Hattie going with you?" Mike asked. Now that he was disappointed, he was looking for a new plan. One that still didn't include Jessica. Bella began to feel a little sorry for her friend. "I don't know," Bella answered, wincing at throwing Hattie under the bus. "She hasn't decided yet. But you really shouldn't make Jess wait much longer—it's rude." Mike walked dejectedly back to his seat and Bella fumbled to get her phone out. She should at least warn Hattie about the possible oncoming puppy. Group: THREE LITTLE SWANS Bell-Bell: mike alert.  i told him i was going to seattle on saturday.  he might ask u hattie. Hattie-Dearest: what?  why me Bell-Bell: idk. jessica wants to go with him though  so turn him down pls Beauregard: why r u going to seattle? Bell-Bell: i panicked Hattie-Dearest: bella EC is reading over your shoulder Bella clicked her screen off, face turning red. She sighed, turning to face him resignedly. He was staring at her curiously, that same, familiar edge of frustration even more distinct now in his black eyes. She stared back—unsurprised, since she had warning. She expected him to look quickly away. But instead he continued to gaze with probing intensity into her eyes. There was no question of her looking away. Bella's hands began to shake. "Mr. Cullen?" the teacher called, seeking the answer to a question Bella hadn't heard. "The Krebs Cycle," Edward responded, seeming reluctant as he turned to look at Mr. Banner. Bella looked down at her book as soon as his eyes released hers, trying to find her place. Cowardly as ever, she shifted her hair over her shoulder to hide her face. She couldn't believe the rush of emotions running through her—just because he'd happened to look at her for the first time in a half-dozen weeks. She couldn't let him have this level of influence over her—it was pathetic. More than pathetic, it was unhealthy. She tried very hard to not to notice him for the rest of the hour, and, since that was impossible, at least not let him know she was aware of him. When the bell rang at last, she turned to get her things, expecting him to leave immediately as usual. "Bella?" His voice shouldn't have been so familiar to her, as if she'd known the sound of it all her life rather than just a few short weeks. She turned slowly, unwillingly. In her peripheral, she noted that Mike had approached Hattie—she felt guilty, but at least Hattie would have someone to take her to gym. Her expression was weary when she finally turned to him. She didn't want to feel what she knew she would when she looked at his too-perfect face. When she looked at him, his expression was unreadable. He didn't say anything. "What? Are you speaking to me again?" she finally asked, an unintentional note of petulance in her voice. His lips twitched, fighting a smile. "No, not really," he admitted. "Then what do you want, Edward?" she asked, keeping her eyes closed. It was easier to talk to him that way. "I should be saving my cousin from Mike." "I'm sorry." He sounded sincere. "I'm being very rude, I know. But it's better this way, really." She opened her eyes. His face was very serious. "I don't know what you mean," she said, guarded. "It's better if we're not friends," he explained. "Trust me." Her eyes narrowed. She'd heard that before—but unlike then, now she had other friends to rely on. Still, it stung a little. She was sullen when she answered. "It's too bad you didn't figure that out earlier," she hissed through her teeth. "You could've saved yourself all this regret." "Regret?" The word, and Bella's tone, had caught him off-guard. "Regret for what?" "For not just letting that stupid van squish me." Bella paused. "For not saving Hattie, instead." He was astonished. He stared at her in disbelief. When he finally spoke, he almost sounded mad. "You think I regret saving your life?" "I can't think of any other reason for you to act this way," she snapped. "You don't know anything." He was definitely mad. She turned her head sharply away from him, clenching her jaw against all the wild accusations she wanted to hurl at him. She gathered her books, then stood to head for the door. It might be too late to save Hattie from Mike, but at least she could sweep dramatically from the room…but of course she caught the toe of her boot on the door jamb and dropped her books. Bella stood there for a moment, debating leaving them there. Then she sighed and bent to pick them up. He was already there; he'd already stacked them into a pile. He handed them to her, his face hard. "Thank you," she said icily. His eyes narrowed. "You're welcome," he retorted. She straightened up swiftly, turned away from him again, and stalked off to gym without looking back. Gym was brutal. Hattie had sat on the sidelines these long few weeks, unable to participate. Bella's team never passed her the ball, but without Hattie there was one less person to cover Bella and Beau's mistakes. To make things worse, every glimpse of Hattie's embarrassed face—no doubt caused by Mike's earlier attentions—threw Bella back into her irritation at Edward. She tried to concentrate on her feet, but he kept creeping back into her thoughts just when she needed balance. Thus, she fell, competing with Beau for number of falls per class. It was a relief, as always, to leave. She changed at high speed and rushed out to her truck, leaving Beau to help Hattie today. She felt a little guilty about it, but she wanted to be alone for a moment. She almost had a heart attack when she rounded the corner and saw a tall, dark figure leaning against the side of her truck. Then she realized it was just Eric. She started walking again. "Hey, Eric," she called. "Hi, Bella." "What's up?" she said as she unlocked the door. She wasn't paying attention to the uncomfortable edge in his voice. "Hattie's not with you?" he asked, sounding a bit disappointed. "Ah, no," Bella turned to him. "She's coming out with Beau." Eric nodded, still seeming uncomfortable. Then his next words caught Bella by surprise. "I was wondering if, uh, you would go to the spring dance with me?" His voice broke on the last word, and Bella was sure she was not the Swan he meant to ask. She was just in the right place at the wrong time. "I thought it was girls' choice," she said, diplomatically, instead of calling him out. "Well, yeah," he admitted, shamefaced. She covered her composure and tried to make her voice warm. "Thank you for asking me, but I'm going to be in Seattle that day. Besides—I don't think you want to go with me, anyways." He looked at her sheepishly and Bella knew that she was right. Eric had always had more of an attraction to her smaller, more athletic cousin. Sure enough, when Hattie and Beau approached, he asked her. Bella had to give him props—he had guts. Beau was even taller than Eric and asking Hattie couldn't have been easy with her two cousins on either side of her. But she, also, turned him down. "I'm really sorry, Eric. I—I've got a date already." Bella and Beau gave her identical, startled glances as Eric slouched away. Bella could only think that, perhaps Mike had used his opportunity well…perhaps he had convinced their cousin. She heard a low chuckle as they sat there gaping at Hattie. Edward was walking past the truck, looking straight forward, his lips pressed together. Bella yanked the door open and jumped inside, slamming it loudly. She would've jerked right out of the parking spot, but Beau was helping Hattie climb in and it seemed he moved at a snail's pace. When they finally got in, she reversed out into the aisle, revving the engine loudly. Edward, two spaces down, slid out smoothly in front of them, cutting her off. He stopped there—to wait for his family. She could see the five of them walking this way, but still by the cafeteria. Bella strongly considered taking out the rear of his stupid, shiny Volvo, but there were too many witnesses. In her rearview mirror, she could see a line of cars beginning to form. Directly behind them, Tyler Crowley (in his newly acquired used Sentra) was waving wildly. Bella was too aggravated to acknowledge him. "Man, what a dick," Beau snorted. "Oh, goody." There was a knock on the passenger window. Beau rolled his eyes—still unfriendly toward the boy who'd nearly killed Bella and Hattie—but cranked the window down part way. "I'm sorry, Tyler, I'm stuck behind Cullen." Bella explained. Her voice was annoyed—clearly, the holdup wasn't her fault. "Oh, I know, I just wanted to ask you something while we're trapped here." He grinned. This could not be happening. "Will one of you ask me to the spring dance?" he continued. "I'm not going to be in town," Bella said, sharply. She tried to remember that it wasn't his fault Mike and Eric had already used up her patience quota for the day. "Yeah, Mike said that," Tyler admitted. "Then why—" He shrugged. "I was hoping you were just letting him down easy." Okay, it was completely his fault. "I really am going out of town," she said, trying to work down her irritation. (It wasn't working.) "Fair," he said, grinning again. His eyes zoomed in on Hattie. "How about you, Hattie?" The girl in question was blushing hard again, avoiding his eyes. "I sort of…have a date already," she told him. "That's cool," he decided after a moment. "We still have prom." And before either of them could respond, he was walking back to his car. Beau was attempting to strangle the boy with his eyes, and Bella could feel the shock on her face. She looked forward, seeing all of the Cullens sliding into the Volvo. In his rearview mirror, Edward's eyes were on Bella. He was unquestionably shaking with laughter, as if he'd heard every word Tyler had said. Her foot twitched toward the gas pedal…one little bump wouldn't hurt any of them, just that glossy silver paint job. She revved the engine. But they were all in, and Edward was speeding away. As they drove home, slowly, Bella tried to take her mind off the situation. Muttering to herself wouldn't help anything. She rounded on Hattie, sitting between her and Beau on the bench seat. "Mike asked you out?" she demanded. Hattie looked up from her phone, confused. She was texting JAKE . "Yeah, he did," she admitted. "And you actually said yes?" Beau sounded sick. "He's like an overgrown puppy." "Hey, if she likes him, then let her be happy," Bella argued. "Jeez, Beau." "What are you guys talking about?" Hattie asked. The dark-haired girl's eyes were confused. "Is this about my date? Because I am not going with Mike. I said no." "Then…who?" Bella's voice was thoughtful, eyebrows scrunched together. Hattie looked away, cheeks red. Then she raised her phone a little in her hand. "I haven't actually asked him yet," she told Bella. "But I think he will say yes." "Well, then, what are you waiting for?" Beau urged. There was a sense of realization in his eyes. "Ask him." "Easy for you to say," snorted Hattie derisively. Bella looked back and forth between the duo, lost. She'd been so caught up lately with her own misery—and, yes, her obsession—that perhaps she'd missed something. Her brother's cheeks were rosy pink and he looked away, out the passenger window. "That's different." "It is not," Hattie protested. "You are just a chicken." "She doesn't even look at me anymore." "Maybe she thinks you don't like her," Hattie offered. "You should ask her. I am pretty sure nobody else has." "I was thinking about asking Angela instead," Beau said. "I just really get the feeling Edythe doesn't like me, so I'm going to give her space." "Edythe Cullen?" Bella asked sharply. "I didn't know you knew her." Beau nodded shyly. "Yeah, she's in my Chemistry class. We haven't talked…like, at all." "He has a crush on her," Hattie said distractedly. She was typing out a text to JAKE . "I do not." Beau denied, but the heat on his face told Bella differently. "Besides, even if I did, she doesn't know I exist. Or she hates me. Either way, not a good way to start a relationship. Anyways, Angela is cute—and she's tall, like me. Who knows, we might have a lot of fun together." Hattie hummed. "Well, she does seem to like you," she amended. Bella felt…weird. They got home, and as was tradition, spread their books across the table. They always studied together after school. One of them, lately Bella (because Beau couldn't cook, and Hattie was unable to currently) would cook dinner. When Charlie got home, they'd all dine together, chatting idly about their day. But Bella felt a little left out. Beau had always been her best friend, the person she was closest to in the world. Now, it seemed, she'd been so full of herself that she didn't even know what was going on in his life. Jessica called her that evening, jubilant. Mike had caught her after school and accepted her invitation. (Bella still felt guilty that Jessica wasn't just his second choice, she was his third, but she pretended to be happy for her friend.) They celebrated briefly, but Jessica had to go—she wanted to call Angela and Lauren and tell them. Bella suggested, with casual, sly innocence, that maybe Angela could ask Beau. Her brother's face stared up at her in a mixture of horror, distress, and excitement. Then, Bella decided perhaps Lauren, a standoffish girl who always ignored them at the lunch table, could ask Tyler. And McKayla, Mike's brother and another acquaintance of theirs, could ask Eric. Jess thought this was a great idea. Now that she was sure about Mike, she actually sounded sincere when she said she wished Bella would go to the dance. Bella gave her Seattle excuse, which felt firmer and firmer each time she used it. When she hung up, she tried to focus on dinner. Dicing the chicken especially—she didn't need to end up in the emergency room again. Hattie and Beau were tittering in the background about an art project they were working on. But Bella's head was spinning, trying to analyze every word Edward had spoken today. What did he mean, it was better if they weren't friends? Her stomach twisted as she realized what that meant. He must see how absorbed she was by him; he must not want to lead her on…so they couldn't even be friends...because he wasn't interested in her at all. Of course he wasn't interested in her, she thought angrily, her eyes stinging. She wasn't interesting—and he was. Interesting…and brilliant…and mysterious…and perfect…and beautiful…and possibly able to life full-sized vans with one hand. Well that was fine. She could leave him alone. She would leave him alone. She would spend more time with her siblings—her family, rather—and enjoy her time in Forks as much as possible. Then, when she graduated, she'd go to a university somewhere sunny. Maybe Hawaii. She forced her thoughts onto sunny beaches and palm trees as Beau began clearing the table. Charlie ruffled Hattie's hair when he came in and cheerfully greeted them all. Bella had noticed recently that he had a huge soft spot for his niece, diligently taking time off work to run her to appointments. He was even handling all the insurance stuff for her car. He'd gotten it towed away for her, sold to a scrap yard for the price of the metal in its body. Bella also thought that whatever soft spot he held for Hattie, whatever emotion she made him feel, helped him express himself to his own kids. He'd never been good at it. But Hattie was good practice. "So, girls, did you ask anyone to the dance yet?" Charlie asked playfully, then turned to his son. "Beau?" Beau spluttered. "N-nobody's asked me. But I have a feeling Hattie's friend Angela is going to." "Hattie?" Charlie continued, looking at the smallest of the trio. She smiled shyly, looking at him under her eyelashes. She wasn't blushing when she answered, seeming very assured of herself. "I asked Jake." Bella and Beau's eyes both snapped to Charlie's face to see his reaction. He was very protective of his niece. But though the man's fork paused on its way to his mouth, he seemed otherwise nonplussed. "Good for you," Charlie told her. "That boy likes ya. And he's a good kid." "You know him?" Bella prompted, shocked. She hadn't met him, and picturing Hattie bringing home a boy to meet Charlie didn't compute. Charlie grunted. "Mm. Jacob Black. His dad, Billy, sold me your truck. You used to play as kids." Realization dawned on Beau's face. "Oh man, Jacob Black! I remember him. Bella, you and him made mud pies together!" Bella didn't really remember. The name was vaguely familiar, but she couldn't put a face to it. She'd gotten good over the years at blocking out her memories of Forks, dreaded as they were. Still, she turned to Hattie, fighting down her surprise. "He said yes, then?" Bella asked her cousin. She wondered when Hattie had found time to ask him—probably over text, Bella surmised. Charlie chortled. "Of course he said yes. You shoulda seen 'em at Christmas. He's head over heels for her." Now Hattie was blushing, giving half-hearted protests. After a few moments of teasing, Charlie finally turned to Bella. "So how 'bout you, Bells?" Bella shuffled awkwardly. "Oh, erm…I'm not going to the dance. I think I'm going to go to Seattle for the day instead—if that's okay?" She didn't really want to ask permission—it set a bad precedence—but it felt rude, so she tacked it on at the end. "Why?" he sounded surprised, as if he were unable to imagine something that Forks couldn't offer. "Well, I wanted to get a few books—the library here is pretty limited—and maybe look at some clothes." She had more money than she was used to having, since, thanks to Charlie, she hadn't had to pay for a car. Even with the way the truck guzzled gas, the trio split the cost given they were carpooling, so it wasn't that bad. "The truck probably doesn't get very good gas mileage," Charlie said, unknowingly echoing Bella's thoughts. Bella explained that she knew this already, and she'd make multiple stops along the way as needed. Charlie fretted about her going by herself, then about her possibly getting lost. Then he offered to go with her. "That's alright, Dad," she said quickly. Hattie and Beau were snickering. Bella reached out and kicked Beau, glaring at him. "I'll probably just be in dressing rooms all day—it'd be pretty boring for you." Finally, Charlie relented, and Bella sighed in relief. She didn't want to go against her father's wishes, so it was easier that he was letting her go. Secretly Bella thought he realized that she really didn't want to go to the dance because of her balance problems. Either way, that was her problem solved.Set during the end of Twilight: 4 11. I guess there was a war going on somewhere in the world that night but it wasn't one that could touch us. ―Meg Rosoff The following morning, Charlie took Hattie back to the doctor. She'd been going about every two weeks since she broke her elbow because they wanted to be sure it was healing properly. Hattie didn't care if she had to erase some memories—if, for some reason, they thought she needed surgery, she'd heal her elbow herself. Hattie had to miss her first couple of classes, but it was worth it for the brief reprieve of the stupid cast. "Good morning, Hattie, Chief Swan," Dr. Cullen said cheerfully, coming in to the room with a cast saw. This was Hattie's least favorite part of the whole situation—she didn't like the blade being anywhere near her extremities, even though logically she knew that it wouldn't hurt her. "How are we this morning? How's your head?" He was snapping on gloves as he said it, moving to come look at the gash in her head. It was exponentially smaller than the last time he'd seen her, which Hattie knew was because her magic was slowly healing it. "We're doin' well," Charlie grunted. He was in his work clothes, since after he dropped her off at school he'd be heading to work as well. "Be better if we could get this cast off today." Dr. Cullen laughed that musical laugh of his. "Well, it looks like the stitches dissolved as they should. We'll cut this cast off and send her for an X-Ray and we'll know more." He started up the cast saw, and Hattie made extra sure to stay still. He was a professional, but it was off-putting to see a saw come towards you. And once it touched the cast, she could feel the vibrations up her arm and all the way down her chest. To be honest, Hattie knew that today wouldn't be the day she got to keep the cast off—her elbow ached. There was no way she was fully healed. Still, it was a relief to be out of the huge, heavy cast. Her skin soaked up the fresh air, breathing for the first time in two weeks, and Hattie gratefully itched it. She'd been warned not to stick anything in the cast (not that that would've been easy anyways), because apparently some people used pencils or rulers to scratch. And promptly lost them up in the cast. An X-Ray technician took her back and clicked a couple of pictures. Hattie was babying her arm a little. It didn't hurt as much as the last time, when she had to use her other arm to hold it up—but having to tense her muscles to hold her arm in place still hurt a bit. As she'd expected, Dr. Cullen decided to give it another two weeks with the cast. He wrapped it back up for her until, once again, she was immobile. This time she chose a black cast, trying to anticipate what sort of dress she'd be wearing to the dance. Hattie was frustrated that her first high school dance pictures would include the ugly thing. "Sorry to be the bearer of bad news," Dr. Cullen told her, patting her on her good shoulder. "Having the cast back on is probably the last thing you wanted." "It's not really the most pleasant thing in the world, no," Hattie agreed. "I can only do so much with one arm." "Hopefully we'll be able to take it off for good next time." Dr. Cullen smiled gently, and then he was signing some papers with a flourish. "You're free to get back to class now, Hattie. I'll see you in two weeks." Charlie helped her down off the bed and guided her back to the police cruiser. Hattie yawned as she settled in for the short drive. She hadn't been sleeping well lately. Between the pain of her elbow and the bulky cast, she could never get comfortable. Then there was the fact that it had been five weeks again since she'd gotten word from home. Hattie hadn't sent anymore letters since the accident, but she'd used her protean coin to send a message. She'd been sorely tempted to use her two-way mirror, but the thought of connecting to Professor's mirror and possibly putting them both in danger was terrifying to her. Professor told her he was busy. He was recruiting people. He could be out of the country, for all she knew—he could be putting himself in dangerous situations and just didn't have time to think about her. Still, Hattie had nightmares. She dreamt of all her friends' deaths. Luna and Mr. Lovegood laying prone in their tower-like home. Bill and his new bride slain on their honeymoon. The Weasleys' home, up in flames. Hermione attacked in her muggle hometown. She even dreamt of that summer day when Cecelia was born, only in her dream they never got the warning from Professor's informant. The Death Eaters arrived and slayed them all where they stood—a group of children and their keepers, a generation of young wizards, gone. At night, when she couldn't sleep, Hattie studied the scarce wizarding books she had. Her favorite was Hogwarts, A History, because it was almost like a storybook to her. Hogwarts had never existed in her lifetime, so the book was a fairytale of a magical castle and its' creators, all long gone. Sometimes while she was reading, she'd be reminded of stories Professor told her about his schooldays with her mother. Sometimes, if she fell asleep reading, she'd have wild dreams. Not necessarily bad ones. She dreamt that she was a boy, and all her friends attended Hogwarts with her. They did all sorts of crazy things. Boy-Hattie played a sport on a broomstick called Quidditch, which looked quite fun. Boy-Hattie and Ron flew a car to school once and crash-landed. Boy-Hattie fought a basilisk using only parseltongue and a huge, ruby-encrusted sword. Boy-Hattie fought off a hundred dementors or more, using a patronus cast with a wand. Hattie had laughed at that one—no wand magic was strong enough to do something like that. But even in her dreams some things didn't change. Boy-Hattie watched as Cedric was killed, in a graveyard of all places. He took the body back with him to Hogwarts, refusing to let go of it, grief-shaken. Amos was there, screaming for his dead son. This dream woke Hattie up in tears, and she spent the rest of the night staring at the picture of Cecelia held in her brother's arms. Cedric's death had been the end of a sort of innocence for Hattie. Until then she'd only heard about the war. She knew her parents died in it, along with many of their friends. She'd been told of entire wizarding sects razed to the ground, others only spared when they joined the regime. But the war was a distant worry. It was not on her doorstep. It hadn't affected her. In fact, it wasn't really a war at all. The dark had won. When she was a child, any rebellion was so tiny it wouldn't have stood a chance. As she grew she heard rumors of growing rebellions—Wizards First, the Futurists, and even the Order of the Phoenix. Most were wiped out within days of anyone first hearing their name. All rebellions were squashed, and the regime went on their way. The Order was different. Back in the day her parents had been part of it. After their death most members were either dead or in hiding. The leader, the former headmaster of Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore, was missing. Nobody knew for sure if he was dead or imprisoned or just working in secret. He'd been the one to place Hattie with her relatives. Hattie was trained not to ask questions of Professor. The less she asked, the less he had to lie to her. The less she knew, the less danger she was in. Even still there were blanks she couldn't fill in. Maybe she never would be able to. But even without asking questions, she was a smart girl, and could begin to fill in the blanks. Severus was a spy—or so she assumed. She wasn't sure what he did, or even if he was an active spy whilst she was in his care. But she presumed he'd worked for the regime when he was young. Some nights when he was tired from a long day of her "incessant stupidity", she could see it in the set of his shoulders. The war had taken a toll on him. His forearm was a mess of scar tissue, where rumor had it anyone in the regime was marked. As she got older though it became clear that he was one of the most trusted members of the rebellion. Hattie probably would never know what he did to earn that space, but she'd never forget the first time he took her to meet McGonagall. The woman had embraced Severus desperately, clearly having been under the impression he was lost to the world. The adults were careful to keep the horrors of the war from the children. When they were young they were taught magic like a cult religion, and mostly one on one or in small groups. Hattie learned to revere the power she held within her body, to love it. She was taught it was the one thing nobody could ever take from her. She was taught it was the single most important secret she would ever keep. From the muggles she had little to fear. She could stop even their greatest weapons with the flick of a wrist, erase their memories, disappear entirely before they could even blink. It was an ancient law they abided by, to keep this secret from the mundane world. No, it was other wizards she had to be weary of. It was the other wizards that she was taught to fear. It went against her very instincts to turn away from her people. Her magic sang to them, called out—yearned to be among its own kind. The first thing all young wizards are taught is how to quiet their magic. Remain undetected. Protect themselves from the regime. Cedric had committed the regime's greatest crime. He was caught with a wand by a Death Eater. Being caught was bad enough, but being caught committing a crime against the regime… Nobody could tell Hattie why Cedric's parents weren't tracked down, why his entire family wasn't slaughtered in their homes. Maybe nobody knew. Maybe Cedric died before the regime could peel the information from his mind. Whatever the case, the news of his death came to her door two days afterward. There was no body to be recovered. The only reason they even knew he had died was the Diggory Ancestral Tree had blacked his name out. This was when the war finally landed on Hattie's doorstep. The news filtered down through the network of allies Hattie and Professor had acquired. It had a spidering effect. Hattie remembered with a dark sort of humor that she knew exactly when each family got the news. Suddenly any communication with them would go dark—responses to letters would take weeks, and were even more encoded than usual. Families brought their children in close, bundled themselves up, prepared for the worst. It never got better, really. Families with multiple children were the worst. They worried about becoming a hotspot. The Weasleys worried most of all—with seven children it was a wonder they'd never been investigated. Even Professor became grating. He warned her against using magic outside of his home. The regime couldn't track her, but she—like all young witches trained wandlessly—was powerful. He worried someone would notice her magic and investigate. They had had a huge row about it. She remembered what he said even to this day: "Let them die, Hattie. Let the Death Eaters raze them to the ground. Whatever you do, whatever choices you make, you do not show your magic to anyone you are not willing to trust with your life. One day our lives may depend on yours." It had seemed like such an odd thing for him to tell her, and she screamed at him. She could never stand by whilst her people were suffering. She would defend anyone who needed defending, if it were within her power—but that was what he was worried about. Sometimes she wondered if that was why he told her about Charlie, if he had somehow subtly convinced her to go to him. Hattie was safer in the United States than any of her friends were back home. Hattie sighed as she blinked herself awake, snapping out of whatever laze she'd been in when they pulled into the high school. Maybe she would go to sleep early tonight. "Have a good day, Hattie," Charlie called, waving as he pulled away. "See you tonight!" Hattie waved as she walked away. The bell for second period hadn't rang yet, but by the time she got there, class would be over. Instead, she headed toward the art building for third period. When second period let out, after the students had filed into the classroom, she entered and took her usual seat. They were working on pottery this week which was…exceptionally hard with one hand. Hattie usually ended up covering her casted hand with plastic wrap or a plastic bag and using it as a stabilizer. "Still in a cast, I see," Beau's voice chirped. He plopped down in his seat next to her, looking hilariously spindly with his long legs. "Angela asked me to the dance today." Hattie looked at him tiredly, grinning nonetheless. "Congrats. You said yes?" "Yeah," Beau smiled bashfully. Even though he had a crush on Edythe, he seemed genuinely pleased. "Who knows what'll come of it, but I'm excited." Ms. Coal called the class to order then and they turned to pay attention to her instructions, sharing a secret smile. —x— Bella's morning went a little differently. When she pulled into the parking lot with Beau, she deliberately parked as far from the silver Volvo as possible. She didn't want to put herself in the path of too much temptation and wind up owing him a new car. Beau departed quickly. He didn't say why, but by the excited energy that had been running through him all morning, Bella assumed it was to go corral Angela. When Bella got out of the cab, she fumbled with her key and it fell into a puddle at her feet (a great start to the day). With a groan, she stooped to grab it, but a white hand flashed out and grabbed it before she could. Bella jerked upright. Edward was right next to her, leaning casually against the truck. "How do you do that?" she asked, equal parts amazed and irritated. "Do what?" He held out the key as he spoke. As she reached for it, he dropped it into her palm. "Appear out of thin air." "Bella, it's not my fault if you are exceptionally unobservant." His voice was quiet as usual—velvet, muted. She scowled at his perfect face. His eyes were light again today, a golden honey color. Then she looked down, needing to reassemble her now-tangled thoughts. "Why the traffic jam last night?" she demanded, still looking away. "I thought you were supposed to be pretending I don't exist, not irritating me to death." "That was for Tyler's sake, not mine. I had to give him is chance." Edward snickered. "You…" Bella gasped. She couldn't think of a bad enough word. It felt like the heat of her anger should physically burn him, but he only seemed more amused. "And I'm not pretending you don't exist," he continued. "So, you are trying to irritate me to death? Since Tyler's van didn't do the job?" Anger flashed in his tawny eyes. His lips pressed into a hard line, all signs of humor gone. "Bella, you are utterly absurd," he said, his low voice cold. Her palms tingled—she wanted badly to hit something. That surprised her, since she was usually a nonviolent person. Instead, she turned her back and started to walk away. "Wait," he called. Bella continued walking, sloshing angrily through the rain. But he was next to her, easily keeping pace. "I'm sorry, that was rude," he said as they walked. Bella ignored him. "I'm not saying it isn't true," he continued. "But it was rude to say it, anyway." "Why won't you leave me alone?" Bella grumbled. "I wanted to ask you something, but you sidetracked me," he chuckled. He seemed to have recovered his good humor. "Do you have multiple personality disorder?" she asked severely. "You're doing it again." She sighed. "Fine, then. What did you want to ask?" "I was wondering if, a week from Saturday—you know, the day of the spring dance—" "Are you trying to be funny?" Bella interrupted, wheeling toward him. Her face got drenched as she looked up at his expression. His eyes were wickedly amused. "Will you please allow me to finish?" Bella bit her lip and clasped her hands together, interlocking her fingers, so she couldn't do anything rash. "I heard you say you were going to Seattle that day, and I was wondering if you wanted a ride." Bella gaped at him. That was certainly not what she was expecting. "What?" she said. She was unsure what he was getting at. "Do you want a ride to Seattle?" "With who?" she asked, mystified. "Myself, obviously." He enunciated every syllable, as if he thought she was stupid. Bella was still stunned. "Why?" "Well, I was planning to go to Seattle in the next few weeks, and, to be honest, I'm not sure if your truck can make it." "My truck works just fine, thank you very much for your concern." She started to walk again but was too surprised to maintain the same level of anger. "But can your truck make it there on one tank of gas?" He was matching her pace again. "I don't see how that's any of your business." Stupid, shiny Volvo owner, she thought contritely. "The wasting of finite resources is everyone's business." "Honestly, Edward." A chill went through her as she said his name, and she sort of hated it. "I can't keep up with you. I thought you didn't want to be my friend." "I said it would be better if we weren't friends, not that I didn't want to be." "Oh, thanks, now that's all cleared up." Her voice was full of heavy sarcasm. She realized abruptly that she had stopped walking again. They were under the shelter of the cafeteria roof now, so she could look more easily at his face—which certainly didn't help her clarity of thought. "It would be more…prudent, for you not to be my friend," Edward explain, quietly. His voice was heavy. "But I'm tired of trying to stay away from you, Bella." His eyes were gloriously intense as he uttered the last sentence, his voice smoldering. Bella had trouble remembering how to breathe. "Will you go with me to Seattle?" he asked, still intense. She couldn't speak, so instead she settled for nodding. Edward smiled briefly, and then his face became serious. "You really should stay away from me," he warned. "I'll see you in class." He turned abruptly and walked back the way they'd came.Follows the events of Twilight: 5VERY BY THE BOOK. Sorry :( 12. The truth is Balance. Light and dark. We are all necessary parts of the tapestry. ―Tochi Onyebuchi Group: THREE LITTLE SWANS Bell-Bell: edward cullen just asked to drive me to seattle Beauregard: ? Bell-Bell: ikr? you there hattie? Hattie-Dearest: barely.  in the waiting room  why did he ask you that? Beauregard: maybe hes going to kidnap u  hes always staring at u  maybe hes secretly a murderer Hattie-Dearest: lol I hope not   oh shoot g2g   dr cullen is here —x— All throughout the day there were whispers about the weather report for this weekend. The rain was supposed to take a minor break, which meant that Mike's beach trip was finally going to be possible. Even though the weather was still going to be kind of chilly for a beach trip, Hattie was excited about it. Angela was in a bubblier mood than usual, acting more like Jessica and her friends than her normal self. Apparently, all you had to do to bring her out of her shell was force her to ask a boy to a dance. Hattie didn't mind though—it was nice seeing her opening up, and it was fun to think of her best non-magical, non-related friend going out with her cousin. When Angela wasn't chatting about the upcoming dance, Beau was. It seemed he was equally excited as her friend. Word had gotten around that Hattie had a date, which meant that everyone was trying to figure out who it was. Hattie finally fessed up to Angela as they walked to lunch. "You don't know him," she said, a little embarrassed. "He doesn't go here." "Oh?" Angela pried playfully. "An older boy?" "No, no, nothing like that—he goes to school on the reservation." "Oooh," Angela knocked shoulders with Hattie. "Sounds exciting. What's his name? How did you meet him?" "He's called Jacob," Hattie explained. "My uncle's friends with his dad. We actually met on a fishing trip, but he's super sweet. He made me this," she added, touching the headband she always wore in her hair. "He totally loves you," Angela gushed. "Why don't you ever talk about him?" "What is there to talk about?" Hattie asked confusedly. "I have not seen him since Christmas." Beau fell into step beside them. "So, how're we feeling about the beach trip? Yes? It's going to be cold." Just like that Angela's prying was shut down as she stumbled over her words. Maybe she liked Beau a little more than Hattie had assumed—hopefully she didn't get hurt if Beau chose to act on his crush. That would be a hard situation for her. They made it to the cafeteria and Beau and Angela joined the line. Hattie was still in the habit of bringing her own lunch, but she asked Beau to buy her a soda, something she didn't usually indulge in—but she needed the caffeine today. Bella was already sitting down, moping. Hattie had no idea why, but Bella seemed to mope a lot lately. "So," Hattie said conspiratorially. "We're friends with Cullen now, are we?" Bella glanced up in relief when she saw Hattie. "What do you mean?" "Our messages this morning." The other girl nodded, seeming to be lost in thought. "Yeah, I guess so." Hattie leaned in toward her. "Are we going to talk about it?" Beau plopped down next to Hattie, across from Bella. He seemed immediately in on the conversation, even though he'd just walked up—maybe they were all on the same wavelength, or maybe it had just been on his mind. "Yeah, what's up with him? Does he have multiple personality disorder or something?" Bella chuckled. "Apparently not, though I asked him the same thing. He's so…strange." "We gathered that," Beau made a 'continue on' motion. "Any particular examples?" Bella traced the mouth of her lemonade bottle with her pinky, a habit Hattie had noticed she did when she was deep in thought or nervous. "He keeps telling me we shouldn't be friends," she whispered. More people were gathering at their table and she wanted the conversation to stay private. "He even warned me I should stay away from him. But in the same breath, he tells me he can't stay away from me anymore? How weird is that?" "Weird," Hattie agreed. "Major weird," Beau amended. "It's like he's waiting for you to decide, almost," Hattie was thinking aloud now. "What are you thinking?" Then Jessica butted in, giggling. "Umm, Bella? Edward Cullen is staring at you again. I wonder why he's sitting alone today." The conspiring trio snapped to attention, searching out said Cullen. Sure enough, there he was—at an empty table across the cafeteria from where he normally sat. He was smiling crookedly, and once he'd caught Bella's eyes, he raised one hand and motioned with his index finger for her to come join him. As Bella stared in disbelief, Beau and Hattie shared another, knowing glance. "Does he mean you?" Jessica asked. Hattie rolled her eyes in disdain at the insulting astonishment in her voice. "Maybe he needs help with his biology homework," Bella muttered to the girl. But she glanced at her siblings with wide, confused eyes. "I should go see what he wants…I'll text you guys." They stared at her as she left the table, walking away. Jessica was gaping with open jealousy, which gave Hattie a sour taste in her mouth. She really didn't like that girl. Beau and Hattie watched Bella hover behind a chair for a moment. The duo had a quick exchange, and then Bella sat down. Hattie wish she could use magic here without it being obvious—she really wanted to hear what was going on. The Cullens were an interest to her due to their crazy auras. Alas, she'd just have to wait for Bella to recount it to them. Beau leaned toward Hattie and whispered to her. "Maybe now her obsession with him will have an outlet." Hattie shoved him gently with her good arm, laughing. "Like you're one to talk!" —x— "This is different," Bella finally managed to say, after sitting across for him for a long moment. "Well…" Edward paused. Then, the rest of his words seem to flow out of him in a rush. "I decided as long as I was going to hell, I might as well do it thoroughly." What a bizarre answer. She waited for it to make sense, or for him to say something that would make sense. The seconds ticked by. "You know I don't have any idea what you mean," she eventually pointed out. "I know." He smiled again, and then changed the subject. "I think your family is annoyed that I stole you." Bella felt warmth blossom in her chest but decided to play along. "They'll survive." She could feel their stares, anyhow—she was sure they'd have plenty of questions later. "I may not give you back, though," Edward said, with a wicked glint in his eyes. Bella gulped. For some reason, his statement sent butterflies through her stomach. He laughed. "You look worried." "No," she said, but ridiculously, her voice shook. "Surprised, actually…what brought this all on?" "I told you—I got tired of staying away from you. So, I'm giving up." He was still smiling, but his ochre eyes were serious. "Giving up?" she repeated, in confusion. "Yes—giving up trying to be good. I'm just going to do what I want now and let the chips fall where they may." His smile faded away as he explained, and a hard edge crept into his voice. Bella shook her head. She imprinted the words into her mind, wondering what her siblings would think about it. Or—her brother, and her cousin. "You lost me again," she told him truthfully. That breathtaking crooked smile made an appearance again. "I always say too much when I'm talking to you—that's one of the problems." "Don't worry—I don't understand any of it," Bella told him wryly. "I'm counting on that." "So…in plain English, are we friends now?" We're friends with Cullen now, are we? Hattie had asked. It was a question Bella wanted answers to, too. "Friends…" Edward mused, dubious. "Or not," she muttered. This made him grin. "Well, we can try, I suppose. But I'm warning you now that I'm not a good friend for you." Something in his eyes told her that his warning was true. "You say that a lot," she noted, trying to ignore the sudden trembling in her stomach. She worked hard to keep her voice steady. "Yes," Edward agreed. "Because you're not listening to me. I'm still waiting for you to believe it. If you're smart, you'll avoid me." Bella narrowed her eyes. "I think you've made your opinion on the subject of my intellect clear, too." He smiled, apologetically. "So, as long as I'm being…not smart, we'll try to be friends?" she struggled to sum up the confusing exchange. "That sounds about right." Bella looked at her hands, wrapped around her lemonade bottle. She wasn't sure what to say now. "What are you thinking?" Edward asked, curiously. She looked up at his deep gold eyes, became befuddled, and, as usual, blurted out the truth. "I'm trying to figure out what you are." His jaw tightened, but somehow he kept his smile in place. "Are you having any luck with that?" he asked, with manufactured offhandedness. "Not too much," she admitted. Edward chuckled. "What are your theories?" Bella blushed. To be honest, she had been vacillating between Tony Stark and Steve Rogers for the last month. She wasn't going to own up to that, though. "Won't you tell me?" he asked, his head tilted to one side with a shockingly tempting smile. Still, she shook her head. "Too embarrassing." "That's really frustrating, you know," he complained. "No," Bella quickly disagreed, her eyes narrowing. "I can't imagine why that would be frustrating at all—just because someone refuses to tell you what they're thinking, even if all the while they're making cryptic little remarks specifically designed to keep you up at night, wondering what they could possibly mean…now, why would that be frustrating?" Edward grimaced. "Or better," Bella continued, on a roll now. The pent-up annoyance was flowing freely. "Say that person also did a wide range of bizarre things—from saving your life under impossible circumstances one day, to treating you like a pariah the next, and never explained any of that, either, even after he promised. That, also, would be very non-frustrating." "You've got a bit of a temper, don't you?" "I don't like double-standards." They stared at each other, unsmiling. He glanced over Bella's shoulder, and then, unexpectedly, he snickered. "What?" "Your boyfriend seems to think I'm being unpleasant to you—he's debating whether or not to come break up our fight." He snickered again. "I don't know who you're talking about," Bella said, frostily. "But I'm sure you're wrong anyways." "I'm not. I told you, most people are easy to read." "Except me, of course." "Yes. Except for you," Edward agreed. Then, unexpectedly, "You and your family. I wonder why that is." His eyes turned brooding, like he was debating the very nature of her family. She had to look away at the intensity of his stare. Bella concentrated on unscrewing the lid of her lemonade. She took a swig, staring at the table without seeing it. "Aren't you hungry?" he asked, distractedly. "No." She didn't feel like mentioning her stomach was already full—of butterflies. "You?" she asked, staring at the empty table before him. "No, I'm not hungry." Bella didn't understand the expression on his face—it was like he was enjoying a private joke. "Can you do me a favor?" She asked, after a second of hesitation. Edward looked suddenly wary. "That depends on what you want." "It's not much," she assured him. He waited, guarded but curious. "I just wonder…if you could warn me beforehand, the next time you decide to ignore me for my own good. Just so I'm prepared." Bella looked at her lemonade bottle as she spoke, tracing the lid with her pinkie finger. "That sounds fair." He was pressing his lips together to keep from laughing when she looked up. "Thanks," she responded. She felt somehow a little lighter. "Then can I have one answer in return?" he demanded. "One." Bella conceded. "Tell me one theory." Oops. "Not that one." "You didn't qualify, you just promised one answer," Edward reminded her. "And you've broken promises yourself," she retorted. "Just one theory—I won't laugh." "Yes, you will." If she was positive about anything, it was that. He looked down, and then glanced up through his long black lashes, is ochre eyes scorching. "Please?" he breathed, leaning toward her. Bella's blinked, her mind suddenly going blank. Holy crow, how did he do that? She shook herself, a little dazed. "Please tell me just one little theory." His eyes were still smoldering. "Um, well, injected with a super-serum?" Bella wondered if he was a hypnotist, too—or was she just a hopeless pushover? He scoffed. "That's not very creative." "I'm sorry, that's all I've got," Bella said, a little miffed. "You're not even close," he teased. "No spiders?" "Nope." "And no radioactivity?" "None." "Dang," she sighed, all her super-hero theories debunked. "Kryptonite doesn't bother me, either," Edward chuckled. "You're not supposed to laugh, remember?" He struggled to compose his face. "I'll figure it out eventually," Bella warned him. His face was serious again. "I wish you wouldn't try." "Because…?" she prompted. "What if I'm not the superhero?" he asked, and his face was playful, but his eyes were impenetrable. "What if I'm the bad guy?" Several things he'd hinted at suddenly fell into place. "Oh," she said. "I see." Abruptly, his face was severe—as if he were afraid he'd accidentally said too much. "Do you?" "You're dangerous?" Bella guessed. Her pulse quickened intuitively as she realized the truth of her own words. Edward was dangerous. He'd been trying to tell her that all along. But he just looked at her, his eyes full of some incomprehensible emotion. "But not bad," Bella whispered. "No, I don't believe that you're bad." "You're wrong." His voice was almost inaudible, and he looked down. Seemingly without thinking about it, he stole the lid to her lemonade bottle, spinning it between his fingers. Bella just stared at him, wondering why she didn't feel afraid. He meant what he was saying—that much was obvious. But she just felt anxious, on edge…and, more than anything else, fascinated. The same way she always felt toward him. "You saved me," Bella reminded him. "But Hattie…" Edward's eyes were haunted. He looked like he had seen a ghost. Bella was struck by the thought that this was the first time he'd admitted—he could've saved her, but he didn't. "Hattie's fine," she said, swallowing down the lump in her throat. He stayed silent this time. The silence lasted until Bella noticed the cafeteria was nearly empty. Her heart quickened, feeling guilty; she hoped Hattie had made it to class okay. "We're going to be late," she said, jumping to her feet. Edward stayed seated. "I'm not going to class today." He was twirling the lid so fast it was a blur. "Why not?" "It's healthy to ditch class now and then." He smiled up at her, but his eyes were still troubled. "Well, I'm going," Bella said, too much of a coward to get caught. When he said goodbye to her, she hesitated, torn—but the first bell sent her scurrying out the door. So few questions had been answered in comparison to how many new questions had been raised. She was lucky that Mr. Banner wasn't in the room yet when she arrived. Mike was staring at her, looking resentful. Bella also noticed that Hattie's eyes were on her—but her cousin just seemed curious. When Mr. Banner explained the lesson to them, Bella regretted not joining Edward immediately. Even though she couldn't possibly see it, she imagined she could see the tiny, glinting barb in Mr. Banner's hands. Her stomach flipped. He began at Mike's table and asked the blond boy for his hand. Bella winced, trying not to look, but she was caught now—like she was watching a train wreck. Her teacher jabbed the barb into the tip of Mike's middle finger. Oh no.  Clammy moisture broke out across her forehead. He was still speaking, still demonstrating the lab—when he squeezed Mike's finger till the blood flowed, Bella swallowed convulsively. Her stomach heaved. Her ears were ringing, and she closed her eyes, placing her cheek against her lab table. She tried to use the cool surface to hang on to her consciousness. She could hear the squeals, giggles, and complaints of her classmates all around her. Bella breathed slowly, in and out. "Bella, are you alright?" Mr. Banner asked. His voice was close to her head and he sounded alarmed. "I already know my blood type, Mr. Banner," she answered weakly. She was afraid to lift her head. "Are you feeling faint?" "Yes, sir," Bella replied, kicking herself internally for not ditching when she had the chance. "Can someone take Bella to the nurse, please?" he called. Mike ended up volunteering—he seemed eager, putting his arm around her waist and dragging hers over his shoulder. Bella couldn't even complain, leaning heavily against him n the way out of the classroom. He towed her slowly across campus. When they rounded the corner of the cafeteria, out of sight of building four, she stopped. "Just let me sit for a minute, please?" Bella begged. Mike helped her sit on the edge of the sidewalk. "Whatever you do, keep your hand in your pocket," she warned. She was still so dizzy. She slumped over on her side, putting her cheek against the freezing, damp cement of the sidewalk, closing her eyes. It seemed to help a little. "Wow, you're green, Bella." Mike said nervously. "Bella?" A different voice called from the distance. No…she really, really hoped that she was imagining that horribly familiar voice. "What's wrong—is she hurt?" His voice was closer now, and he sounded upset. Bella wasn't imagining it. She squeezed her eyes shut, hoping to die. Or, at the very least, not throw up. Mike seemed stressed. "I think she's fainted. I don't know what happened. She didn't even stick her finger." "Bella." Edward's voice was right beside her, relieved now. "Can you hear me?" "No," she groaned petulantly. "Go away." He was chuckling now. "I was taking her to the nurse," Mike explained in a defensive tone. "But she wouldn't go any further." "I'll take her." Edward said. Bella could hear the smile still in his voice. "You can go back to class." "No," Mike protested. "I'm supposed to do it." Edward sighed. "Mike, if Bella's with the nurse, who's going to help Hattie to the gym?" The sidewalk suddenly disappeared from beneath Bella. Her eyes flew open in shock—Edward had scooped her up in his arms, as easily as if she weighed ten pounds instead of a hundred and ten. As she began panicking, she noted that Mike was walking sullenly back to class. "Put me down!" Please, please do not let me vomit on him. He was walking before she'd finished talking. "You look awful," Edward grinned. "Put me back on the sidewalk," she moaned pitifully. The rocking movement of his walk was not helping. He held her away from his body, gingerly, supporting all her weight on his arms—it didn't seem to bother him. "So, you faint at the sight of blood?" he asked. This seemed to entertain him. She didn't answer. She closed her eyes again, fighting the nausea with all her strength, clamping her lips together. "And not even your own blood," he continued, enjoying himself. Suddenly they were inside. She didn't know how he had opened the door with her in his arms, but the warmth of the office rushed over her, so she knew it to be true. Ms. Cope bustled around, gasping and tutting. Edward explained that she fainted in biology, which was not necessarily true. Bella opened her eyes. They were in the office, and Edward was striding past the front counter towards the nurse's door. Ms. Cope ran ahead of him to hold it open. The grandmotherly nurse looked up from a novel, astonished, when Edward swung her into the room and placed her gently on the crackly paper that covered the cot. Then he moved to stand against the wall, as far across the room as possible. His eyes were bright, excited. "She's just a little faint," Edward told the nurse. "They're blood typing in biology." The nurse nodded sagely. "There's always one." Edward muffled a snicker. "Just lie down for a minute, honey; it'll pass." "I know," Bella sighed. The nausea was already fading now that she was sitting still again. "Does this happen a lot?" the nurse asked. "Sometimes…" Bella admitted. Edward coughed to hide another laugh. The nurse looked at him. "You can go back to class now." "I'm supposed to stay with her," Edward said, with such assured authority that—even though she pursed her lips—the nurse didn't argue. She just bustled out of the office muttering about grabbing a cold compress. "You were right," Bella moaned, letting her eyes close against the fluorescent lights. "I usually am," agreed Edward. "But about what, in particular, this time?" "Ditching is healthy." Bella said it evenly, practicing her breathing. Edward watched her quietly for a moment. Then, "You scared me for a minute there," he admitted. His tone made it sound like he was admitting a humiliating weakness. "I thought Newton was dragging your dead body off to bury it in the woods." "Ha, ha," she said, her eyes still closed. She was feeling more and more normal with every minute. "Honestly—I've seen corpses with better color. I was concerned I might have to avenge your murder." "Poor Mike. I'll bet he's mad." "He absolutely loathes me," Edward said cheerfully. "You can't know that," Bella argued—but then she wondered suddenly if he could. "I saw his face—I could tell." "How did you see me? I thought you were ditching." She was mostly fine, now. The queasiness probably would've passed faster if she had something in her stomach—but then again, maybe it was lucky her stomach was empty. "I was in my car, listening to a CD." His answer was so normal. It surprised her. The nurse came back into the room with a cold compress, which she laid across Bella's head. Bella sat up, pleased when the mint-green walls stayed where they were. The nurse was about to make her lay back down when Ms. Cope stuck her head in. "We've got another one," she warned. Bella hopped down to free the lone cot up for the next invalid, handing the cold compress back to the nurse. She didn't need it. Then Mike staggered through the door with Lee Stephens, his lab partner. Edward and Bella drew back against the wall to give them room. "Oh no," Edward muttered. "Get out to the office, Bella." She looked up at him, bewildered. "Trust me—go." Bella spun and caught the door before it closed, darting out of the infirmary. She could feel Edward right behind her. "You actually listened to me." He sounded stunned. "I smelled the blood," Bella said, wrinkling her nose. Lee wasn't sick from watching other people, like she was. "People can't smell blood," Edward contradicted. "Well, I can—that's what makes me sick. It smells like rust…and salt." Edward was staring at her with an unfathomable expression. "What?" she asked. "You weren't sick when—Hattie…" Bella looked at the floor at the reminder. She had smelled the blood, like copper and rust, but at that moment she'd been so panicked—so in shock… Edward seemed to understand, because he didn't push further. Mike came out the door then, glancing from Bella to Edward. The look he gave Edward confirmed what Edward said about loathing. He looked back to her, his eyes glum. "You look better," he accused. "Just keep your hand in your pocket," she warned him again. "It's not bleeding anymore," he muttered. "Are you going back to class?" "Are you kidding? I'd just have to turn right back around and come back." "Yeah, I guess… So are you going this weekend? To the beach?" While he spoke, he flashed another glare toward Edward, who was standing against the cluttered counter, motionless as a sculpture, staring off into space. Bella tried to sound as friendly as possible. "Yeah, we're coming. Hattie's really looking forward to it." "We're meeting at my dad's store, at ten." His eyes flickered to Edward again, wondering if he was giving out too much information. His body language made it clear this wasn't an open invitation. "We'll be there," Bella promised. "I'll see you in gym, then," he said, moving uncertainly toward the door. "See you." She replied. He looked at her once more, his round face slightly pouting. As he walked through the door, his shoulder slumped. A wave of sympathy washed over Bella. She pondered seeing his disappointed face again…in gym. "Gym," Bella groaned. "I'll take care of that," she hadn't noticed Edward move toward her, but he was whispering in her ear now. "Go sit down and look pale." That wasn't really an issue—she was always pale. Her recent swoon had even left a sheen of sweat on her face. She sat down in one of the rickety waiting room chairs, leaning against the wall. Fainting spells always left her exhausted. She could hear Edward speaking lowly to Ms. Cope, springing her out of class with as much skill as a trained actor. When he was done, Edward turned toward her and spoke. His voice was sarcastic. "Can you walk, or do you want me to carry you again?" She rolled her eyes and let him lead her out into the cool, misty air. It felt nice, washing her face of sticky perspiration. "Thanks," Bella told him. "It was almost worse getting sick just to miss gym." "Anytime." He was staring straight forward, squinting into the rain. Bella was quiet for a moment and then, even if Mike wouldn't approve, began talking. "So, are you going? This Saturday, I mean?" She was hoping he would, even though it seemed unlikely. She couldn't picture him loading up to carpool with the rest of the kids from school; he didn't belong in the same world. But just hoping he might gave her a twinge of enthusiasm for the trip. "Where are you all going, exactly?" He was still looking ahead, expressionless. "Down to La Push, First Beach." Bella studied his face, trying to read it. His eyes seemed to narrow infinitesimally. Then he looked down at her, smiling wryly. "I really don't think I was invited." Bella sighed. "I just invited you." "Let's you and I not push poor Mike any further this week. We don't want him to snap." His eyes danced at the idea—he was enjoying it way more than he should. "Mike-schmike," Bella muttered. She was preoccupied by the way he said "you and I." She found she liked it more than she probably should. They neared the parking lot, and she hesitated when she saw her truck. If she took it, how would her siblings—her brother and her cousin, rather—get home? She could come and get them when school was over… She didn't have to think about it too much, because Edward grabbed her jacket and yanked her toward him. "Where do you think you're going?" he asked, outraged. He was gripping a fistful of her jacket in his hand. She was confused. "I was just debating how my siblings would get home." "They'll take the truck," he said, indignantly. "Didn't you hear me promise to take you safely home? Do you think I'm going to let you drive in your condition?" His voice was still indignant. He was towing Bella toward his car now, pulling her by the jacket. It was all she could do to keep from falling backward.  He'd probably just drag me along anyways, if I did, she thought petulantly. "Let go!" she insisted. He ignored her. She staggered across the wet sidewalk until they reached the Volvo. Then he finally freed her—she stumbled against the passenger door. "You're so pushy!" "It's open," was all he responded. He got in the driver's side. It was raining harder now, and she'd never put her hood up, so her hair was dripping down her back. Bella tried to maintain her dignity as she got into Edward's car. She wasn't very successful—she looked like a half-drowned cat and her boots squeaked. He fiddled with the controls, turning the heat up and the music down. As he pulled out of the parking lot, Bella was preparing to give him the silent treatment—her face in full pout mode—but then she heard the music playing, and her curiosity got the better of her. "Clair de Lune?" she asked, surprised. "You know Debussy?" he sounded surprised, too. "Not well," Bella admitted. "My mother plays a lot of classical music around the house—I only know my favorites." "It's one of my favorites, too." He stared out into the rain, lost in thought. Bella listened to the music, relaxing into the light gray leather seat. It was impossible not to respond to the familiar, soothing melody. The rain blurred everything outside the window into gray and green smudges. She began to realize they were driving very fast; the car moved so steadily, so evenly, though, that she didn't feel the speed. Only the town flashing by gave it away. "What is your mother like?" Edward asked her suddenly. Bella glanced over to see him studying her with curious eyes. "She looks a lot like me, but prettier." Bella began, fondly. His eyebrows rose. "I have too much Charlie in me. Beau has her eyes, though. He's a lot more like her than me—outgoing, braver. She's irresponsible and slightly eccentric, and she's a very unpredictable cook. She's one of my best friends." She stopped abruptly. Talking about Renee made Bella miss her more. "How old are you, Bella?" Edward's voice sounded frustrated for some reason she couldn't imagine. He'd stopped the car, and Bella realized they were at Charlie's house already. The rain was so heavy she could barely see the house at all. It was like the car was submerged under a river. "I'm seventeen," she replied, a little confused. "You don't seem seventeen." His tone was reproachful—it made her laugh. "What?" he asked, curious again. "My mom always says I was born thirty-five and get more middle-aged every year." She laughed, and then sighed. "Well, someone has to be the adult. Besides, you don't seem much like a junior in high school yourself." He made a face and changed the subject. "So why did your mom marry Phil?" Bella was surprised he remembered the name—she'd mentioned it once, nearly two months ago. It took her a moment to answer. "My mother…she's very young for her age. Phil makes her feel even younger, I think. At any rate, she's crazy about him." Bella shook her head. The attraction was a mystery to her. "Do you approve?" Edward asked. "Does it matter?" Bella countered. "Beau and I want her to be happy…and he is who she wants." "That's very generous… I wonder," he mused. "What?" "Would she extend the same courtesy to you, do you think? No matter who your choice was?" He suddenly fell silent, eyes searching hers. "I-I think so," Bella stuttered. "But she's the parent, after all. It's a little bit different." "No one too scary, then," Edward teased. Bella grinned in response. "What do you mean by scary? Multiple facial piercings and tattoos?" "That's one definition, I suppose." "What's your definition?" But he ignored her question, deflecting it with another. "Do you think I could be scary?" he asked, raising one eyebrow. The faint trace of a smile lightened his face. She wondered if the truth or a lie would go over better in this situation. She decided on the truth. "Hmm… I think you could be, if you wanted to be." "Are you frightened of me now?" the smile had vanished, and his heavenly face was suddenly serious. "No." She answered too quickly, though—his smile returned. "So are you going to tell me about your family, now?" It must be a more interesting story than hers—though with the addition of Hattie, possibly not. Edward was cautious now. "What do you want to know?" "The Cullens adopted you?" Bella verified. "Yes." Bella hesitated for a moment. "What happened to your parents?" "They died many years ago." His tone was matter-of-fact. Bella was reminded of Hattie, and her face clouded over. "What's wrong? I don't really remember them that clearly. Carlisle and Esme have been my parents for a long time now." Bella turned her face to avoid the question. Sometimes she still wondered about Hattie's past. The girl was pretty secretive about it, but she and Beau had been able to put two and two together in some cases. "And you love them." She said it as a statement. It was obvious, in the way he spoke of them. Her face turned downward again. Just as it was obvious that Hattie didn't love her previous guardians. "Bella?" Edward asked, concerned. "What's wrong?" "It's nothing. Just—Hattie." "Hattie?" he asked, eyebrows knitting together. Then they smoothed out. "Why does she live with you, Bella?" Bella sighed. It wasn't really her story to tell, but she would tell him anything. "Her parents died a long time ago, too. When she was a baby. She lived with our aunt and uncle in England…but she didn't have a very happy childhood. I worry about her sometimes. I feel sad for her. I think…you're very lucky to have had Carlisle and Esme." Edward nodded in agreement. "I am lucky. And you love your cousin." "I love her like she's my own sister," Bella agreed. "I often find myself forgetting she's not. What about your sister?" He glanced at the clock on the dashboard. "My siblings, and Jasper and Rosalie for that matter, are going to be quite upset if they have to stand in the rain for me." "Oh, I'm sorry, I guess you have to go." She didn't want to get out of the car. He smiled tenderly at her. "Have fun at the beach…good weather for sunbathing." He glanced out at the sheeting rain. "Won't I see you tomorrow?" "No. Edythe, Emmett and I are starting the weekend early." "What are you going to do?" A friend could ask that, right? She hoped the disappointment wasn't too prevalent in her voice. "We're going to be hiking in the Goat Rocks Wilderness, just south of Rainier." Bella remembered Charlie's rant, when he'd said the Cullens went camping frequently. "Oh, well, have fun." She tried sounding enthusiastic, but she didn't think she'd fooled him. A smile was playing around the edges of his lips. "Will you do something for me this weekend?" He asked, turning to look her straight in the face. He utilized the full power of his burning gold eyes. She nodded helplessly. "Don't be offended, but you seem to be one of those people who just attract accidents like a magnet. So…try not to fall into the ocean or get run over by anything, alright?" He smiled crookedly. The helplessness had faded as he spoke. Bella glared at him. "I'll see what I can do," she snapped at him as she jumped out into the rain. She slammed the door with excessive force. Edward was still smiling as he drove away.- Follows the events of Twilight: 6- Avicii tribute- I wrote this chapter around the same time as his death. So this chapter (about the first 22 chapters, I think?) are a year old in April. 13. "The heart can see things invisible to the eye." ―T.A. Barron Group: THREE LITTLE SWANS / Bell-Bell's nickname has been changed to Mrs. Cullen. Mrs. Cullen: beau youll have to drive home today  got sick in bio  edward drove me home  HEY! Who changed my name?! Beauregard: i hear wedding bells  get it?  BELLS Hattie-Dearest: are you feeling better now?  i didn't know you fainted at the sight of blood Beauregard: oh yah she does  once i got a bloody nose driving home from school  she fainted in the pass. seat   it was great Mrs. Cullen: srsly who changed my name guys Hattie-Dearest: not me Beauregard: would i do something like that? /Beauregard's nickname has been changed to Bozo Bozo: srsly bella  it was just a joke  besides obviously u like him  right hattie? Hattie-Dearest: leave me out of this Bozo: u guys r no fun ―x― Bella accosted her siblings at the door when they got home. She'd been studying the third act of Macbeth, but the moment she heard the engine cut off in the driveway she ran to the door like an eager puppy. "You look much better than you did in Biology," Hattie commented as she passed, dragging her heavy-looking bookbag behind her. The muscles in her good arm were straining, but she didn't seem to notice. "Yeah, Mike was telling basically the entire school that you fainted on the sidewalk," Beau added. When he passed her, he shook his head like a dog, sending water droplet flying from his curls. "He said Edward Cullen carried you to the nurse's office." "He did," Bella told them. She was annoyed at Mike's inability to keep his mouth shut. Even so, she suddenly had the urge to gush about what'd happened today, though it wasn't much for gossip. "He's seriously strong. He picked me right up off the sidewalk behind the cafeteria and carried me all the way to the office." "To be fair it's not like you're that heavy," Beau pointed out. He was coming around the corner with a towel, running it through his hair. "I'd like to see you carry me that far without even getting out of breath, Bozo," Bella muttered, moving to prep dinner. "He was really nice to me, even if his version of nice seems to be—mostly sarcasm and snark." Hattie huffed a tiny laugh, looking fond. Bella didn't ask. "So, why'd you come home?" Beau questioned, thunking his books onto the table. "I heard Lee Stephens was in the infirmary too, and I saw him in the parking lot." "Edward's doing," Bella explained. "He convinced Ms. Cope that I was too ill to go to gym, so she let him bring me home." "What happened at lunch?" Hattie cut in. "You looked like you were on a rollercoaster of emotions. Mike nearly went over to rescue you." Beau started laughing loudly. "Yeah—man, that guy loathes Edward. It's hilarious." Bella looked up from where she was rolling pieces of fish in some breading. She wasn't the biggest fan of seafood in general, but she was tired of it clogging up their freezer. "We bantered a lot," she finally settled on. Even though she wanted to gush, there were some secrets that weren't hers to tell. "He told me we could be friends. He's still super confusing and cryptic, but I think we found some common ground. I think I understand him a little better now." "Yeah, but what did you talk about?" Hattie pressed. Her eyes were wide, curious. "You had an awful lot of alone time today, there must've been something interesting." Bella's lips quirked up. "We talked about why I moved here. Our families. He was really interested about Renee and kept asking me things like, yes, but why did she remarry? And do you approve?" after thinking a moment, she added mischievously, "We also talked a little bit about superheroes." "You don't even like superheroes," Beau protested. Bella's smile took a wicked turn. "No, but Edward does." "So we like him now," Hattie mused. "Right?" "I do," Bella answered. "You guys can make your own decisions." Besides, she wanted to keep him as hers for just a little bit longer. Even though he wasn't—hers, that is. Of course, at school on Friday she'd been prepared for the fainting comments. Jessica especially seemed to get a kick out of it. Beau had been exaggerating about Mike telling "the whole school" about Edward's involvement—nobody but those who had been there, and her siblings, knew. But Jessica had a whole bunch of questions about lunch. She asked what he'd wanted, and told Bella she'd never seen him sit with anyone other than his family before. At Bella's blasé answers, she seemed to get annoyed—Bella guessed she'd been hoping to hear something that would make a good story to pass on. The worst part about Friday was that, even though she knew he wouldn't be there, she still hoped. She walked into the cafeteria with Jessica and Mike, unable to keep herself from searching out his table. Jasper, Rosalie, and Alice sat there, talking with their heads close together. When Bella plopped down at her usual table, disappointed, she realized that she didn't know how long it would be before she saw him again. She was engulfed in a gloomy mood. Nobody really seemed to notice, though Hattie did eye her knowingly. The rest of the table was full of chatter about their plans for the next day. Mike was animated again, putting a great deal of trust into the local weatherman, who promised sun tomorrow. Bella would have to see that before she believed it—though it was warmer today, almost sixty. Maybe the outing wouldn't be completely miserable. Bella intercepted a few unfriendly glances from Lauren during lunch, which she didn't understand until they were all walking out together. She was right behind Lauren, just a foot from her slick, silver blond hair, and she was evidently unaware of that. "…don't know why Bella"—she sneered the name—"doesn't just sit with the Cullens from now on." Bella heard her muttering to Mike. She'd never noticed what an unpleasant, nasal voice Lauren had, and she was surprised by the malice in it. Bella really didn't know her that well, certainly not well enough for Lauren to dislike her—or so she'd thought. "She's my friend, she sits with us," Mike whispered back loyally, but also territorially. Hattie grabbed Bella's arm and they hung back to let Jessica and Angela pass them. Bella was glad—she didn't want to hear anymore. As class was starting, Bella got a quick series of messages from Hattie. Hattie Potter: i don't know why lauren was being such a brat  but i'm sorry you had to hear all that  she must be jealous  and mike is seriously weird too Bella Swan: youre right, she must just be jealous  Thanks Hattie. She put her phone away with a smile as the bell rang. ―x― That night at dinner, Charlie seemed enthusiastic about their trip to La Push in the morning. Hattie thought perhaps he felt guilty for going away every weekend and leaving them alone—but he'd spent too many years in the habit to break that now. Of course, he knew the names of all the kids going, and their parents, and their great-grandparents too, probably. He seemed to approve. Bella cut in as they were finishing up. "Dad, do you know a place called Goat Rocks, or something like that? I think it's south of Mount Rainier." Her voice was casual, unconcerned. "Yeah—why?" Bella shrugged. "Some kids were talking about camping there." "It's not a very good place for camping," Charlie said, sounding surprised. "Too many bears. Most people go there during hunting season." "Oh," Bella murmured. "Maybe I got the name wrong." Hattie watched her cousin curiously—wondering who it was that was going camping. Bella wasn't an athletic, outdoorsy person, so her interest in the activity seemed wildly unnatural. Hattie had plans for going to see Jacob while she was in La Push. The excitement over it kept her up, and she ended up sleeping in for once. When she woke the following morning, it was to an unusual brightness. She opened her eyes to see a clear yellow light streaming through her window. Hattie couldn't believe it—she ran to her window to check. Sure enough, there was the sun. She felt like she hadn't seen the sun since August. Even in dreary Little Whinging she saw the sun more than she did in Forks. After checking the temperature—a whopping sixty-six degrees—Hattie broke out some of her summer things. A circle skirt and a summery blouse tucked into it with some fun flats. Her pale skin could use the vitamin D. (It would be just her luck if she got sunburned. Her arms would be two different colors.) She put on as many of her clothes as she could, which ended up being her underwear and her skirt, then groaned and went to find Bella. Bella was still in her room, gazing out the window in incredulity. When Hattie knocked, Bella came to help her, ignoring Hattie's bashfulness. They'd gotten over the awkwardness by now. Hattie held a shirt to her front half whilst Bella clasped her bra, and then from the back her cousin helped her carefully maneuver the shirt over her blocky, bulky cast. Hattie began to tuck it in clumsily, smiling to herself. "Do you want me to help—?" Bella asked, motioning to her skirt. "I think I can do it," Hattie rejected, tongue between her teeth as she tried to one-handedly tuck her blouse in. After a moment, she gave up, grumbling, "I can't wait to get this stupid thing off." Once that was over, the two girls went to collect Beau. He was wearing swim-trunks and a t-shirt, grinning like a fool. "Do you seriously think the water's gonna be warm enough to swim in?" Bella asked, rolling her eyes. "I guess if you get pneumonia, it's your own fault." The Newtons' Olympic Outfitters was just north of town, and to Hattie it was a familiar, welcome site. She'd spent her first hour as a learning driver going round in circles in their parking lot, after all. Bella pulled her monster of a truck up to where Mike's Suburban and Tyler's Sentra were parked together. There was a ton of people gathered already. Hattie saw Eric, Mike, and Tyler along with two other boys Hattie didn't share any classes with. She believed they were called Ben and Connor. Jessica was there (unfortunately) with Angela, Lauren, and McKayla. Two more girls stood with them, one of which muttered something in Lauren's ear at the site of Bella. Lauren shook her hair out and glared at Hattie's cousin. So, it was going to be one of those days, then. Mike was happy to see Bella, explaining that they were just waiting on Lee and Samantha now, unless one of them had invited somebody. (Which they hadn't.) "So, will you ride in my car?" Mike asked Bella, seeming happy to ignore Beau and Hattie. "It's either that or Lee's mom's minivan." Bella shrugged, looking at Beau and Hattie. "Sure." Mike smiled blissfully at that—Hattie had the thought that it was so easy to make that boy happy. Mike promised Bella that she could have shotgun, which seemed to make her uncomfortable. Jessica was glaring at Bella from a distance—Hattie really, really disliked that girl. Hattie was sure Bella was pleased that the numbers worked out in their favor, though. Lee ended up bringing two extra people and suddenly every seat was necessary. Bella managed to wedge Jessica between her and Mike in the front seat. Hattie wasn't as lucky—she ended up, as the smallest one, seated in a lap. Eric's lap. Both vehicles were full to the bursting, but nobody else was complaining. Hattie wished that Beau had at least ended up in Mike's Suburban with them—then she could sit on his lap instead. It'd probably still be awkward, but at least he wouldn't have his hands dangerously low around her hips. She perched, stiffly, as far forward on his thighs as possible. The fifteen-mile drive to La Push had never seemed longer. Hattie couldn't even admire the lush, gorgeous scenery—too busy ensuring she never once relaxed backward into Eric's lap. When they finally unloaded, Hattie was among the first to scramble out of the vehicle, face hot with anger and embarrassment. Eric looked entirely too pleased with himself, the slimy git. The mile-long crescent that made up First Beach was gorgeous, though, and it quickly took her mind off the situation. The water was dark gray, even in the sunlight, white-capped and heaving to the gray, rocky shore. Islands rose out of the steely waters with sheer cliffsides, reaching to uneven summits, and crowned with austere, soaring firs. The beach had only a thin border of actual sand at the water's edge, after which it grew into millions of large, smooth stones that looked uniformly gray from a distance. Up close, they were every shade that a stone could be: terracotta, sea green, lavender, blue grey, dull gold. The tide line was strewn with huge driftwood trees, bleached bone-white in the salt waves, some piled together against the edge of the forest fringe, some lying solitary just out of the reach of waves. They picked their way down the beach, Mike leading the way to a ring of driftwood logs that had obviously been used for parties like this before. There was a fire circle already in place, filled with black ashes. Some of the boys began gathering drier pieces of broken driftwood to build the fire up, making a teepee-like construction atop the older ashes. Beau lounged next to Hattie, his long, skinny legs stretched out before them. "You've never seen a driftwood fire before, have you?" Hattie shook her head at him. "No. I've only seen a bonfire a couple of times." She wasn't usually invited to Bonfire Night with her relatives and it wasn't really a wizarding tradition. "The salt turns the fire blue," Beau told her excitedly. "It's really interesting." Mike, at least, seemed pretty good at coaxing the fire to life. It crackled and popped as the flames licked through the salty driftwood. As tongues of flame grew higher and higher, Hattie was entranced by the hot blue and green colors swirled within. Nature was magical. After relaxing by the fire for a while, the Swan trio headed down to the beach. Most people were splitting off in small groups to go do their own thing. Some were walking into town to visit the small corner store, others had formed a hiking expedition and ventured into the forest in search of tide pools. Down the beach, a few of their schoolmates were tossing a Frisbee around. Bella and Hattie mostly waded in the ice-cold water, picking up seashells. Hattie made a game of trying to find the biggest shell. They crouched down together, laughing as the wind tied knots in their hair, digging shells from the sand. Bella used a soggy twig she'd found—Hattie just dug the fingers of her good hand into the wet sand. Beau had kept to his intentions, shedding his shirt and shoes and prancing off into the water. His stark white skin made him look ghostly compared to the sun-kissed water around him. (Hattie could see Angela admiring Beau from down the beach, where she had joined the Frisbee group. She wondered if the tall girl could tell from that distance that Beau's flat stomach was flat, but soft and not muscular. She wondered if it would have mattered to Angela, anyways.) Thinking about her peers' relationships distracted Hattie from her shell-finding game. It'd been over two months since Christmas—ten weeks, now. She hadn't seen Jacob in that long. There had been opportunities, of course. At first Hattie had just been feeling shy—a product of their near-kiss, most likely. Then she got busier and busier, with school and her cousins. Then, the accident. Suddenly she wasn't well enough to make the trip to La Push, what with the gash in her head. On top of all that, time kept passing and she got more and more stressed about the situation with Professor. It wasn't the ideal situation, that was all. Jacob understood. She texted him and called him on the phone daily. He, too, was busy—Billy was riding him hard about grades and wouldn't let him do anything if they were too low. They hadn't really drifted apart. They just had to bear the distance in the meantime. The tide came in at some point and she was caught in it. The hem of her skirt dragged through the water. When it washed away, Hattie was somewhat disappointed to see it took most of her shells with it. "I think I win," Bella decided brightly. She had a reasonable stack of shells, and most of them were moderate in size. One was the size of Hattie's fist, without a doubt the largest either of them had found. "Are you hungry? I think it's about dinner time." Beau came running up, shaking his wet body like a dog. The girls shrieked, half-annoyed, half-amused, as the chilly water droplets clung to them. "Let's take a picture!" the boy demanded, huddling them up together. He bent down between them, from behind, so that they were all near the same height. They all looked pale, but flushed from the sun—and happy. Bella held out the phone for him and they clicked a couple of pictures before she shoved him away in annoyance. "Come on, I'm hungry," Bella whined, handing his phone back. "And you got me all wet!" They walked back to the bonfire, laughing as they went. Beau was teasing Bella about the last time they'd been on a beach—an ill-fated trip that had ended in visit to the hospital when Bella somehow tumbled straight into a fishing hook. Both of Hattie's cousins seemed shocked that this was Hattie's first true visit to the beach. (She didn't count the fishing trip, where the most she'd seen of the beach was its docks.) And then they were back to the group, and Hattie felt her heart stutter in her chest. The bonfire was going in full swing. All the stragglers who'd made their way off solo had found themselves together again as the sun set. All of Hattie's friends and acquaintances (and not-so-acquaintances…Jessica) sat in the sand or on blankets or driftwood logs around the fire. They were passing around plates of food and someone's stereo was thumping an upbeat, electronic bassline. In the light of the sunset—the fire casting playful, dark shadows across everyone's faces—the scene looked like it could've been taken right out of a movie. A group of newcomers had joined the party, locals from the tribe come to socialize. Their copper skin and dark hair shone in the firelight. "Thank the stars it's Friday…burnin' like a fire gone wild on Saturday..." the stereo crooned. And there he was, looking up as if he was intrinsically aware of her presence. A breathtaking smile broke out over his charming face. As always, his teeth seemed too white in his mouth—straight and perfect, like the poster child for a dental company's ad. The girl he was speaking with must've realized he was no longer paying her any attention, because she turned to follow his gaze—her eyes alit on Hattie and she scowled. Hattie didn't care. She was halfway across the bonfire circle by the time he had half-risen from his seat. She hadn't pictured this moment. Actually, it seemed nuts that it had been ten weeks since the last time they saw each other—time was funny that way. He had grown since she saw him last, a few inches at least. He was shirtless and barefoot in the firelight, his long hair hanging loose over his shoulders. Jacob was beautiful. Hattie collided with his chest with an excited, if pained, yelp—in her rush, she'd forgotten about her cast. He held her tightly, securely in place for perhaps a moment too long, then pushed her away from him. "Hattie!" he laughed. "I hoped I'd run into you!" "You knew I was coming," Hattie accused. She couldn't be irritated at him—she had never mentioned the beach trip, in an attempt to plan a surprise. "I suspected," Jacob agreed cheekily. "Look at you! You look so good! How's your head? How's your arm?" his voice was unexpectedly giddy—was it possible, Hattie wondered, that he felt the same things she did? This inexplicable draw to be near him, like their souls had known each other for eons? She'd assumed it was her magic, but his sincere gaze made her second-guess herself. "You've grown, too," Hattie told him with a bashful blush. She knew she wasn't any taller—the only things that had filled out were her curves—and that he noticed made her both pleased and self-conscious. "My arm is alright. Like my cast? It's cuter in person, huh?" she bantered. Of course, there wasn't much to catch up on. She told him everything important over the phone, even sending pictures of her battle wounds. He'd seen the X-Rays, the green and purple bruising around her elbow before it'd been casted, he'd even seen her crushed car. The only thing she hadn't shown him was the gash on her head—half because she couldn't get the angle right with only one arm and half because of insecurity. Now, Hattie showed Jacob her cut shyly. Dr. Cullen had needed to shave the area to stitch her up, and she'd been pretty self-conscious about it since then. It'd been seven weeks since the accident, though, and the spot was covered with short, downy baby hairs. It was easily hidden amongst the rest of her thick curls, which she'd taken to wearing loose in an attempt to cover up the bald spot. (Also, in part, because she couldn't put her hair up without help.) Jacob ran his fingers over what was left of the wound—a thin, raised line, which would probably stay scarred…unless she used magic. His soulful brown eyes met hers and she shivered with the level of sincerity and sorrow inside his gaze. "I'm really glad you're okay, Hattie," he told her softly. His eyes danced in the light of the bonfire. "You don't know how much it killed me knowing were hurt." "I don't remember much from that day," Hattie told him, truthfully. Before the accident was a blur, and after the accident felt like a fever-induced dream. "I'm sorry I worried you." He caressed her cheek with his warm, calloused fingers—she even thought he might kiss her now, finally, in the firelight. But then Beau interrupted, Bella trailing behind him slowly. The Swans were really, really good at interrupting Hattie's Hollywood moments. "So, you're who Hattie's been caught up on," cackled her older cousin mischievously. Jacob greeted him warmly with a complicated fist bump—boys. "How've you been, man?" The trio chatted for a little bit and Hattie stayed tucked under Jacob's arm like a baby bird. They were bantering about the monster of a truck Billy had sold Charlie, which Jacob had been glad to be rid of. Apparently, Billy wouldn't let him work on another car when there was a perfectly functioning one in their driveway. "Wow, so you build cars?" Bella asked, impressed. "When I have free time, and parts," Jacob agreed. His arm was thrown over her shoulder and Hattie held onto the hand like a lifeline. "You wouldn't happen to know where I can get my hands on a master cylinder for a 1986 Volkswagen Rabbit?" he added jokingly. "Sorry," Bella laughed. "I haven't seen any lately, but I'll keep my eyes open for you." Jacob flashed Bella and appreciative grin. It wasn't in the fishing, expectant way of her other admirers—he was simply friendly, enjoying their banter. But Lauren noticed and was quick to be snarky. "You know Bella, Jacob?" Lauren asked—in a nasally, insolent tone—from across the fire. Hattie scowled at her. Even though Hattie was the one wrapped up in Jacob's embrace, Lauren had a problem with Bella and took every opportunity to show it. "I've kind of known the Swans since I was born," Hattie's sort-of-date laughed freely. "How nice," Lauren said, but she didn't sound like she thought it was very nice at all. She couldn't leave well enough alone. "Bella," she called again. "I was just saying to Tyler that it was too bad none of the Cullens could come out today. Didn't anyone think to invite them?" Her expression of concern was unconvincing, and she came across as plain nasty. Hattie didn't like it one bit, scowling and holding tighter to Jacob's hand. He tightened his arm around her in response, instinctive. Luckily, an older boy from the reservation spoke up. He was really more of a man than a boy—his voice was incredibly deep, and he was tall and well-muscled. "You mean Dr. Cullen's family?" Hattie noticed that his words caused Bella to perk up. Her obsession with the Cullens was getting a little out of control. "Yes, do you know them?" Lauren asked condescendingly, turning halfway toward the tall native. "The Cullens don't come here," he said, in a tone that closed the subject. Hattie was surprised at that. The Cullens seemed like a perfectly nice family—Dr. Cullen was an incredible doctor. Sure, they had a dangerous aura, like they were bombs only second from exploding…but nobody else knew that. She was the only one who could feel it. Jacob and her cousins continued chatting idly—about whether Forks was driving them insane, cars, just everything. Hattie was enjoying herself just being near him, her magic twining playfully about, indiscernible to the muggles. It happened so fast. The tall, older boy walked by them, heading out toward the darkened beach. It'd been so long since she felt the presence of magic that when he slid by and she felt the spirit inside of him, a coil of her magic reached toward it. She stiffened—he didn't notice, he couldn't, not unless he was a wizard. She was quick to quiet her magic down, pulling it in toward her, all of the rules she had always been taught roiling around in her brain. There was panic, a war waging inside her mind. Be diligent. Hattie hadn't gotten a good enough taste of his aura to be sure, but he felt different from everyone surrounding her. He felt like home. "Hattie?" Jacob asked. "Are you okay?" They'd stopped talking. Jacob could feel her tensed body below his arm. "Yeah—uh, yeah. You know what, I'll be right back," Hattie told him, smiling toothily. He unraveled her from his body and let her go, still watching her concernedly as she followed a target he couldn't see down the beach. He must've been making his way for the far edge of the forest, his stride fast. She prowled behind him, unleashing magic she hadn't used since she got to Forks. Notice-me-nots, silencing charms. She even put a featherweight charm on her body to stop the sand from sinking under her feet. When she got close enough, even with her charms he seemed to notice something amiss. He was looking around, eyes sliding right over her, but his nose was working like he could smell something. He couldn't smell her, right? She was several yards away still when his aura hit her like a brick. No, he definitely was not a wizard. Wizards felt like…ozone, electricity crackling through a static-filled sky, like burning, sizzling power and petrichor. Wizards oozed magic, and it was tied to their very beings—it ran through their veins like blood, encircled their hearts, formed a core deep within their chests. He had none of these qualities. But he was something entirely other. Something Hattie had never felt before. He felt ancient and wise like he held all the knowledge of his ancestors. Like he'd lived in the heart of a mighty oak for hundreds of years. What she'd mistaken for magic was something she could only describe as pure spirit, wild, windy, a force to be reckoned with. At the same time, that same mischievous energy that many of the Quileute tribe exuded came from him—only stronger, intense. Standing next to him, bathing in his aura, she felt like she could run thirty miles through the deepest Olympian forests, through rivers, over fallen trees…and never get tired. The atmosphere around him crackled with a rejuvenating, resonating, refreshing energy. When she saw the moonlight reflect in his eyes, it was almost like there was a physical spirit emanating from him; an overlay, ghostly, more of an impression than an actual image, of a proud wolf blurred atop the body of a man. Nobody had noticed—but then, nobody else could read auras. It was like nothing Hattie could explain. She followed him down the beach and to the edge of the woods, aching for the knowledge he held within his being. But finally, she lost him. He knew the woods like the back of his hands and was paranoid that someone was following him—she could feel his aura get further and further away until suddenly, not only could she not feel him, she couldn't see him either. It was maddening. It was exciting. Hattie was nearly back to the bonfire before she remembered to release the spells she'd placed upon herself, drawing her magic back into its resting place among her core. It had gotten a taste of freedom and was unhappy to be caged back up, but she didn't hesitate to lock it away. She hadn't kept her guard up—she vowed that Professor would never find out about this. She'd been far too careful for far too long to have made such a novice mistake. The local boy hadn't been a wizard, but she hadn't known that when her magic brushed his aura. She'd been lucky. If tonight taught her anything, it was the importance of keeping her guard up—even in places of peace. Alright, that's it for tonight! :) On AO3 I generally update once or twice a week (usually on the weekend), so I'll try to follow the same schedule here. If you liked it so far, please review! :D A few notes so you don't get your hopes up: * Hattie knows about the pack, but will not find out who the members are until New Moon era * Hattie knows about vampires, but will not find out the Cullens are vampires for a long time still  * Remember this is a drama so things are supposed to be a little dramatic :P